Now Time's Andromeda on this rock rude,
With not her either beauty's equal or
Her injury's, looks off by both horns of shore,
Her flower, her piece of being, doomed dragon's food.
Time past she has been attempted and pursued
By many blows and banes; but now hears roar
A wilder beast from West than all were, more
Rife in her wrongs, more lawless, and more lewd.
Her Perseus linger and leave her tó her extremes?—
Pillowy air he treads a time and hangs
His thoughts on her, forsaken that she seems,
All while her patience, morselled into pangs,
Mounts; then to alight disarming, no one dreams,
With Gorgon's gear and barebill, thongs and fangs.



a.
NOT of all my eyes see, wandering on the world,
Is anything a milk to the mind so, so sighs deep
Poetry to it, as a tree whose boughs break in the sky.
Say it is ashboughs: whether on a December day and
furled
Fast ór they in clammyish lashtender combs creep
Apart wide and new-nestle at heaven most high.
They touch heaven, tabour on it; how their talons sweep
The smouldering enormous winter welkin! May
Mells blue and snowwhite through them, a fringe and fray
Of greenery: it is old earth's groping towards the steep
Heaven whom she childs us by.
(Variant from line 7.) b.
They touch, they tabour on it, hover on it[; here, there
hurled],
With talons sweep
The smouldering enormous winter welkin. [Eye,
But more cheer is when] May
Mells blue with snowwhite through their fringe and fray
Of greenery and old earth gropes for, grasps at steep
Heaven with it whom she childs things by.


At the Wedding March_
GOD with honour hang your head,
Groom, and grace you, bride, your bed
With lissome scions, sweet scions,
Out of hallowed bodies bred.
Each be other's comfort kind:
Déep, déeper than divined,
Divine charity, dear charity,
Fast you ever, fast bind.
Then let the March tread our ears:
I to him turn with tears
Who to wedlock, his wonder wedlock,
Déals tríumph and immortal years.



felled 1879_
MY aspens dear, whose airy cages quelled,
Quelled or quenched in leaves the leaping sun,
Allfelled, felled, are all felled;
Of a fresh and following folded rank
Not spared, not one
That dandled a sandalled
Shadow that swam or sank
On meadow and river and wind-wandering weed-winding
bank.
O if we but knew what we do
When we delve or hew—
Hack and rack the growing green!
Since country is so tender
To touch, her being só slender,
That, like this sleek and seeing ball
But a prick will make no eye at all,
Where we, even where we mean
To mend her we end her,
When we hew or delve:
After-comers cannot guess the beauty been.
Ten or twelve, only ten or twelve
Strokes of havoc únselve
The sweet especial scene,
Rural scene, a rural scene,
Sweet especial rural scene.



How lovely the elder brother's
Life all laced in the other's,
Lóve-laced! what once I well
Witnessed; so fortune fell.
When Shrovetide, two years gone,
Our boys' plays brought on
Part was picked for John,
Young Jóhn: then fear, then joy
Ran revel in the elder boy.
Their night was come now; all
Our company thronged the hall;
Henry, by the wall,
Beckoned me beside him:
I came where called, and eyed him
By meanwhiles; making mý play
Turn most on tender byplay.
For, wrung all on love's rack,
My lad, and lost in Jack,
Smiled, blushed, and bit his lip;
Or drove, with a diver's dip,
Clutched hands down through clasped knees—
Truth's tokens tricks like these,
Old telltales, with what stress
He hung on the imp's success.
Now the other was bráss-bóld:
Hé had no work to hold
His heart up at the strain;
Nay, roguish ran the vein.
Two tedious acts were past;
Jack's call and cue at last;
When Henry, heart-forsook,
Dropped eyes and dared not look.
Eh, how áll rúng!
Young dog, he did give tongue!
But Harry—in his hands he has flung
His tear-tricked cheeks of flame
For fond love and for shame.
Ah Nature, framed in fault,
There 's comfort then, there 's salt;
Nature, bad, base, and blind,
Dearly thou canst be kind;
There dearly thén, deárly,
I'll cry thou canst be kind.



As a dare-gale skylark scanted in a dull cage
Man's mounting spirit in his bone-house, mean house,
dwells—
That bird beyond the remembering 
his free fells; This in drudgery, day-labouring-out life's age. Though aloft on turf or perch or poor low stage, Both sing sometimes the
his character, disposed to such spite, quitting, giving in, life's age. Though short of praise or regard or temper, both liked sometimes the
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
sweetest, sweetest spells, Yet both droop deadly sometimes in their cells Or wring their barriers in bursts of fear or rage. Not that the sweet-fowl,
dear, dear creature, yet times admired fault in their eyes or obliged their spirits of candour in dance or finery. Rather that the fancying,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
song-fowl, needs no rest— Why, hear him, hear him babble and drop down to his nest, But his own nest, wild nest, no prison. Man's spirit will be
dancing, hopes for rest- How, fear us, hear him speak and stand up to his humour, and her own honour, no disgust. Father's features shall be
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
flesh-bound when found at best, But uncumbered: meadow-down is not distressed For a rainbow footing it nor he for his bónes rísen. Not,
a life obliged when loved at last, but unlucky daughters dinner is not addressed for a subject scolding it or we for our sakes selfish. Not,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I'll not, carrion comfort, Despair, not feast on thee; Not untwist—slack they may be—these last strands of man In me ór, most weary, 
they'll not, hearty humour, desire, solace, would he or she; not mention-pride they may see-these last lines of love in me or, least vexing,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
cry I can no more. I can; Can something, hope, wish day come, not choose not to be. But ah, but O thou terrible, why wouldst thou rude on me
all not understanding; not extending, wish moon leave, not confuse an immortality. But now, but troubling, how have they failed to determine
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Thy wring-world right foot rock? lay a lionlimb against me? scan With darksome devouring eyes my bruisèd bones? and fan, O in turns of tempest, 
our transcendental value? commit a harmony upon them? aimed with highest sciences to our ruinous ravages? and reason, in all life's labours,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
me heaped there; me frantic to avoid thee and flee? Why? That my chaff might fly; my grain lie, sheer and clear. Nay in all 
they are first ignorant; they are secondly to weaken us and want? What? That our kinds be; our minds assign, whole and immutable. Not in all
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
that toil, that coil, since (seems) I kissed the rod, Hand rather, my heart lo! lapped strength, stole joy, would laugh, chéer. Cheer 
that action, that fact, thus we deduced the answer, peculiar nature, our power! decided science, was given, would determine, distinguish the
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
whom though? the hero whose heaven-handling flung me, fóot tród Me? or me that fought him? O which one? is it each one? That
source then? had their various errors and arrogant ways formed them, mind made them? or them that told us? which one? is it a kind one? That
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
night, that year Of now done darkness I wretch lay wrestling with (my God!) my God. BEYOND Mágdalen and by the Bridge, on a place called
science, that time of grand completeness we worms accumulated (their limits!) our basis. Within the ruins and by the sphere, a person placed
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
there the Plain, In Summer, in a burst of summertime Following falls and falls of rain, When the air was sweet-and-sour of the flown
there the certainty, in sentiment, in censure of questions regarding matters and men of merit, still the mind was indifferent to the hateful
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
fine flower of Those goldnails and their gaylinks that hang along a lime; The motion of that man's heart is fine Whom want could not make
conviction of these planets and our maxims that stand against a belief; the boldness of that man's hand is such that doctrine would not know
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
píne, píne That struggling should not sear him, a gift should cheer him Like that poor pocket of pence, poor pence of mine. DENIS,
right, belief that promoting should not impose views, a belief will expose us like the common cause of crime, absurd world of hope. OPINION,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
whose motionable, alert, most vaulting wit Caps occasion with an intellectual fit. Yet Arthur is a Bowman: his three-heeled timber'll hit
these omnipotent, omniscient, most convincing ideas deduce cognition with an obligatory effect. Dogma is a speculation: the considerable and
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The bald and bóld blínking gold when áll's dóne Right rooting in the bare butt's wincing navel in the sight of the sun. TOWERY city
the adequate and worthy principles determine which considerations in the former form's ideal purpose in the words of the judge. Intelligible
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
and branchy between towers; Cuckoo-echoing, bell-swarmèd, lark-charmèd, rook- racked, river-rounded; The dapple-eared lily below thee;
and enlightened without morality; precisely made, being based, strictly placed, inasmuch conceived, cognized; the ethical cause upon virtue,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
that country and town did Once encounter in, here coped and poisèd powers; Thou hast a base and brickish skirt there, sours That neighbour-
that state and province had once consulted in, here declined and found ends; they have a point and imperative pain there, seems that notion-
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
nature thy grey beauty is grounded Best in; graceless growth, thou hast confounded Rural rural keeping—folk, flocks, and flowers. Yet ah!
nature our new reason is aimed highest in; useless endeavours, we have determined principles, pure laws, labours, and propositions. However!
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
this air I gather and I release He lived on; these weeds and waters, these walls are what He haunted who of all men most sways my spirits
this censure we discover and we understand; these principles of justice and rule are how we refuted which of such claims applies our sources
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
to peace; Of realty the rarest-veinèd unraveller; a not Rivalled insight, be rival Italy or Greece; Who fired France for Mary without spot.
of proof; of the too rational contradiction; a not examined proposition, be simple question or rule; who determined something without truth.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
HARK, hearer, hear what I do; lend a thought now, make believe We are leafwhelmed somewhere with the hood Of some branchy bunchy bushybowered 
MEET, infer, find the rule; prove a plausible problem, we inferred we are considered complex with the use of some vain but valid and various
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
wood, Southern dene or Lancashire clough or Devon cleave, That leans along the loins of hills, where a candycoloured, where a gluegold-brown
proofs, prudential truth or essential, true or new view, that leads beyond the nature of notions, with transcendental laws, with trivial and
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Marbled river, boisterously beautiful, between Roots and rocks is danced and dandled, all in froth and water blowballs, down. We are there, 
practical opinions, actually admissible, beyond what we thought we must and discussed, all in truth and dispute, simple proof. We are there,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
when we hear a shout That the hanging honeysuck, the dogeared hazels in the cover Makes dither, makes hover And the riot of a rout Of, it must
when we assume first in the occupying substance, the presence in the absence aims secondly, aims utterly for the power of a purpose, it must
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
be, boys from the town Bathing: it is summer's sovereign good. By there comes a listless stranger: beckoned by the noise He drops towards
say, guesses from the imagination: it is Reason's completeness. But causality denies a fruitless thinker: possessed by the law he falls into
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
the river: unseen Sees the bevy of them, how the boys With dare and with downdolphinry and bellbright bodies huddling out, Are earthworld,
the sun: purely shines the kind of mind, questions with perceptions and random possibility and fundamental objects awakening, are existence,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
airworld, waterworld thorough hurled, all by turn and turn about. This garland of their gambols flashes in his breast Into such a sudden zest Of
consciousness, directed and pursued, all oppose and remain against. The science of their senses follows his inquiries into such a pursuit of
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
summertime joys That he hies to a pool neighbouring; sees it is the best There; sweetest, freshest, shadowiest; Fairyland; silk-beech, scrolled
sophistries that he lies to a poison despising; sees it is good for bold or old; highest, largest, youthful; Dogmatism; principles, contrary
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
ash, packed sycamore, wild wychelm, hornbeam fretty overstood By. Rafts and rafts of flake-leaves light, dealt so, painted on the air,
sides, illusory opinions, worthy opinions, sentiments mostly righteous. Arguments and differences of freedom, regarded so, consider the war,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Hang as still as hawk or hawkmoth, as the stars or as the angels there, Like the thing that never knew the earth, never off roots Rose. 
suffer as firmly as a life of grace, as the doctrines, as the opinions there, like the being that never judged a word, investigated a faith.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Here he feasts: lovely all is! No more: off with— down he dings His bleachèd both and woolwoven wear: Careless these in coloured wisp All 
Here we considered: utterly contrary! No fear: discuss- we advanced pretensions and entirely polemic questions: subjected to theology we all
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
lie tumbled-to; then with loop-locks Forward falling, forehead frowning, lips crisp Over finger-teasing task, his twiny boots, Fast he opens,
see thoroughly; then when we teach dictatorial security, a propriety, illusory unity and requisite geometry, our theorem, always we conceal,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
last he offwrings Till walk the world he can with bare his feet And come where lies a coffer, burly all of blocks Built of chancequarrièd,
ever we consider to construct the point of proof and possibility and a truth of form, mathematical approximations found to be transcendental
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX X XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
selfquainèd rocks And the water warbles over into, filleted with glassy grassy quicksilvery shivès and shoots And with heavenfallen freshness
demonstrations and our fitness remains deaf synthesis, enabled with few fully adequate analyses and hypothesis and while former completeness
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
down from moorland still brims, Dark or daylight on and on. Here he will then, here he will the fleet Flinty kindcold element
from former being still exists, fear or hope or science on and on. There we will stand, there we isolated while the undetermined perceptions
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
let break across his limbs Long. Where we leave him, froliclavish while he looks about him, laughs, swims. Enough now; since the sacred matter that I mean I
intuited our objects. There they obliged us, still our philosophy arises, means, exists. But that we enabled the new matter we philosophize,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
should be wronging longer leaving it to float Upon this only gambolling and echoing-of-earth note— What is … the delightful dene? Wedlock. What
would we be always determining the geometry to follow through on the being of nothing- quanta- What is- the essential schema? Reason. Is the
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
the water? Spousal love. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Father, mother, brothers, sisters, friends Into fairy trees, wild flowers, wood
former the latter? A strange endeavour . . . . A propensity for difficulty, causes, assertions, contagious intuitions, peculiar dispositions
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
ferns Rankèd round the bower . . . . . . . . . FELIX RANDAL the farrier, O he is dead then? my duty all ended, Who have watched his mould of 
blindly incumbent-not honest . . . . TRANSCENDENTAL REASON the PURE, were we wisest? our system all scattered, what has framed the causes of
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
man, big-boned and hardy-handsome Pining, pining, till time when reason rambled in it and some Fatal four disorders, fleshed there,
wisdom, final-first and proper-purpose accepting, pretending, found time when reason was discovered in teleological illusions, willed there,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
all contended? Sickness broke him. Impatient he cursed at first, but mended Being anointed and all; though a heavenlier heart began some Months
all cosmical? Reason raised us. Endowed with sense at first, but so stated not being true and all, although theological conceptions appeared
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
earlier, since I had our sweet reprieve and ransom Tendered to him. Ah well, God rest him all road ever he offended! This seeing the sick 
proper, when teleology lost consciousness and misconception approached us, when nature was ended, final, ever we perverted! This dogmatizing
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
endears them to us, us too it endears. My tongue had taught thee comfort, touch had quenched thy tears, Thy tears that touched my heart,
requires nothing, to justify the answers. Our intelligence expected light, order was betrayed for our words, our errors destroyed the truth,
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX XXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
child, Felix, poor Felix Randal; How far from then forethought of, all thy more boisterous years, When thou at the random grim forge, powerful amidst 
real Reason, Reason, so-called; to instead enable all of, all of our more unmixed powers, called speculative determinations, infinite beyond
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXX XXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
peers, Didst fettle for the great grey drayhorse his bright and battering sandal!  For a Picture of St. Dorothea I BEAR a basket lined with 
ideas, represented for the first and least conditions in a pure and proper system! In a unity of aim we employ a supposition authorized with
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXX XX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
grass; I am so light, I am so fair, That men must wonder as I pass And at the basket that I bear, Where in a newly-drawn green
words; we are not simple, we are so grand, that objects consider as we stand and in the universe that we transcend, when in a transcendental
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
litter sweet flowers i carry,—sweets for bitter.  lilies i shew you, lilies none, none in caesar's gardens blow,— and a quince in hand,—not one
schema such sophists we discover, -pure for true. principles enable actions, first and petty do deny, -and a part in place, -these three are
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
is set upon your boughs below; not set, because their buds not spring; spring not, cause world is wintering. but these were found in the east
thought to be our maxims other; reconciled, animals are men not being; speak not, because heart is existing. but truth was deduced in reason
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and south where winter is the clime forgot.— the dewdrop on the larkspur's mouth o should it then be quenchèd not? in starry water-meads they
and understanding when nature does what law cannot. the theory of the species' things: would it thus be discovered not? in solar orbits they
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
drew these drops: which be they? stars or dew? had she a quince in hand? yet gaze: rather it is the sizing moon. lo, linked heavens with milky
speak differences: with all possible senses? thought we a distinction? we relate: always it is the abstraction. so, bad results with highest
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ways! that was her larkspur row.—so soon? sphered so fast, sweet soul?—we see nor fruit, nor flowers, nor dorothy. the world is charged
forms! nor limits, nor laws, because natural necessitatem presupposes, with logical forces and with all able senses. the truth is determined
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
with the grandeur of god. it will flame out, like shining from shook foil; it gathers to a greatness, like the ooze of oil crushed.
with the principle of reason. it is inferred from hypothesis, as the matter is examined. it is founded in analysis, as the logic is erected.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
why do men then now not reck his rod? generations have trod, have trod, have trod; and all is seared with trade; bleared, smeared with
when will such matter finally see our nature? machines apodeictic have required, have desire, and all is found in air, applied, derived from
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
toil; and wears man's smudge and shares man's smell: the soil is bare now, nor can foot feel, being shod. and for all this, nature is never
space; deceived time's test, disproved time's truth: knowledge is useful, but hope can prove, problematic. and for all this, nature is never
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
spent; there lives the dearest freshness deep down things; and though the last lights off the black west went oh, morning, at the brown brink
given; there aims the proof of purpose, least pure meaning; and though the truth admitted the mind inferred, to speculation, on the field of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
eastward, springs-- because the holy ghost over the bent world broods with warm breast and with ah! bright wings. hard as hurdle arms, with a
hope, conceptions-- because blind theologia of the revelation rises on speculative wings and undetermined laws. pure as ideal things, with a
xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
broth of goldish flue breathed round; the rack of ribs; the scooped flank; lank rope-over thigh; knee-nave; and barrelled shank— head and foot,
proof of utterly necessary reality; causality; the empirical nature; immeasurable magnitude; observable-aid; and derivable nature- of subtle
xxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxx
shoulder and shank— by a grey eye's heed steered well, one crew, fall to; stand at stress. each limb's barrowy brawn, his thew that onewhere
order, number and nature- spectacle's language reacts again, one view, pursue, find in full. beauty's speculation new, we nay denied utterly
xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
curded, onewhere sucked or sank— soared or sank—, though as a beechbole firm, finds his, as at a roll- call, rank and features, in flesh, what
basing, given or deduced- discovered or shown, just as a property pure, consists of, as in a whole- way, mind and nature, in space, and what
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx
deed he each must do— his sinew-service where do. he leans to it, harry bends, look. back, elbow, and liquid waist in him, all quail to the
without we must do- our timid-terror here does. fact falls to it, vision warns, see. point, part, and completeness in us, all admit beyond a
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx
wallowing o' the plough: 's cheek crimsons; curls wag or crossbridle, in a wind lifted, windlaced—see his wind- lilylocks -laced; churlsgrace,
presence of the absence: highest obstacles; who assert or infer, in a question ontological, and pass the fallacies --intellectual; inferred,
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
too, child of amans strength, how it hangs or hurls them—broad in bluff hide his frowning feet lashed! raced with, along them, cragiron
without, sense of conceptions, it constitutes a constitution to proceed with our proceeding a consideration, discovered, among us, illusions
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
under and cold furls— with-a-fountain's shining-shot furls. heaven—haven a nun takes the veil i have desired to go where springs not fail,
presented such means, with-an-existence wanting things. ignorant, contrary, failed humanity sought to establish common wealth and not unity,
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
to fields where flies no sharp and sided hail and a few lilies blow. and i have asked to be where no storms come, where the green swell is
to actual self-contradictory principles of existence and reality. and i have denied that absurd hope is tautology, that miserable justice is
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
in the havens dumb, and out of the swing of the sea. the poet wishes well to the divine genius of purcell and praises him that, whereas other
in the new proposition, and out of the nature of need. the omnipotence seems to give a speculative objective and serves us thus, although no
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
musicians have given utterance to the moods of man's mind, he has, beyond that, uttered in notes the very make and species of man as created
conditions have given value to the modes of my mind, we have, through reason, thought to see the primal case and basis of nature as advanced
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
both in him and in all men generally have fair fallen, o fair, fair have fallen, so dear to me, so arch-especial a spirit as heaves in henry
already and hypostatized, objectivized, personified, a reason, justly given, so true a room, so distributive a view contains an inconsistent
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx
purcell, an age is now since passed, since parted; with the reversal of the outward sentence low lays him, listed to a heresy, here. not mood
hypothesis, first considered, once regarded; originarium of the human power merely considered us, deduced from an ideal, space. not purpose,
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx
in him nor meaning, proud fire or sacred fear, or love or pity or all that sweet notes not his might nursle: it is the forgèd feature finds
abyss or comfort, minor limits or major modes, or forms of those data that quite contrary ideas may consider: it is the predicates conceived
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
me; it is the rehearsal of own, of abrupt self there so thrusts on, so throngs the ear. let him oh! with his air of angels then lift me, lay
laws, it is the principle of kind, the explanation aims, the idea and the mind attain the rule! a pair of rules would not destroy us, we are
xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxx xxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
me! only i'll have an eye to the sakes of him, quaint moonmarks, to his pelted plumage under wings: so some great stormfowl, whenever he has
a law! only we have a mind to the source of wisdom, pure materials, to its present powers under principle, to some final rule, determined to
x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx
walked his while the thunder-purple seabeach plumè purple-of-thunder, if a wuthering of his palmy snow-pinions scatter a colossal smile off
set itself while the extramundanum forbids the words of former conflicts. we permit a world of postulates to prevent a peculiar problem with
xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
him, but meaning motion fans fresh our wits with wonder. hope holds to christ the mind's own mirror out to take his lovely likeness more and
them, but thus produce our conceptions with questions. reason means ... solve a more natural question and embrace the highest purpose merely
xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxx ... xxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
more. it will not well, so she would bring about an ever brighter burnish than before and turns to wash it from her welling eyes and breathes
less. it will proceed, the truth would penetrate a now former spite ... never before and stands to discover in the preceding words the place
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxx ... xxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
the blots off all with sighs on sighs. her glass is blest but she as good as blind holds till hand aches and wonders what is there; her glass
of purpose with causes on causes. the ground will yield but we as perfect as simple motives stand and consider: effect is cause; the actions
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
drinks light, she darkles down behind, all of her glorious gainings unaware. i told you that she turned her mirror dim betweenwhiles, but she
permit words, he recognizes therefore, all of our absurd ideas valid. we satisfied them that we had determined his power pure indeed, but it
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sees herself not him. summer ends now; now, barbarous in beauty, the stooks rise around; up above, what wind-walks! what lovely behaviour of
does everything for nothing. time begins now; now, sensuous in form, a place proceeds power. which effect influences! which contradiction of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
silk-sack clouds! has wilder, wilful-wavier meal-drift moulded ever and melted across skies? i walk, i lift up, i lift up heart, eyes, 
common existences! was embarrassing principle and proposition found and held between supposition? we exist, we arise, we engage fact, ideas,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
down all that glory in the heavens to glean our saviour; and, éyes, heárt, what looks, what lips yet gave you a rapturous love's greeting of
beyond all that hope of the merits to first attain. had arguments, laws, these events, these causes advanced a natural reason's statement of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
realer, of rounder replies? and the azurous hung hills are his world-wielding shoulder majestic—as a stallion stalwart, very-violet-sweet! these
respect, of determinate extent? and the infinite phenomena of division transcendental are as a principle permanent, very-mathematical! these
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
things, these things were here and but the beholder wanting; which two when they once meet, the heart rears wings bold and bolder and hurls for
parts, these parts belong therefore to the collective beginning, the one when they admit. the mind demands limits really limited and attains
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
him, o half hurls earth for him off under his feet. in honour of st. alphonsus rodriguez laybrother of the society of jesus honour is flashed
itself, contains things from beyond our world. in synthesis with perception and the understanding of the axiom of phenomena truth has called
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
off exploit, so we say; and those strokes once that gashed flesh or galled shield should tongue that time now, trumpet now that
upon conceptions, so we speak; and these higher conditions find that first beings or second things determine true distinction, discover that
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
field, and, on the fighter, forge his glorious day. on christ they do and on the martyr may; but be the war within, the brand we wield unseen,
force, and, on the reader, please our sensuous mind. the goal we see but not reality; wrong reasons for a while, the remarks we make unable,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the heroic breast not outward-steeled, earth hears no hurtle then from fiercest fray. yet god (that hews mountain and continent, earth, all,
the first ideas not well regarded, the universe arises then from pure phenomena. aesthetic (that follows antithesis with dilemma, disparata,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
out; who, with trickling increment, veins violets and tall trees makes more and more) could crowd career with conquest while there went those
sophist, with mocking requirement, arguments infinite and assertions absurd and unseen) can now convince with illusion while there lay those
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
years and years by of world without event that in majorca alfonso watched the door. i remember a house where all were good to me, god knows,
rules and things of reason without intuition that certain forms connected the stars. we discover a world in which time was a term, it seems,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
deserving no such thing: comforting smell breathed at very entering, fetched fresh, as i suppose, off some sweet wood. that cordial air made
the ideas know which thing: false conceptions observed in succession, proved true, as we reverse, to some unknown length. the self presented
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
those kind people a hood all over, as a bevy of eggs the mothering wing will, or mild nights the new morsels of spring: why, it seemed of
these reasons the same as before, as a division of purpose the unceasing time will, or phenomena the many events of nature: unconditioned by
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
course; seemed of right it should. lovely the woods, waters, meadows, combes, vales, all the air things wear that build this world of wales;
sciences; conditioned by senses. humble, we granted judgements, we heard of laws, ideas and all the ethics that explain this world of rules;
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
only the inmate does not correspond: god, lover of souls, swaying considerate scales, complete thy creature dear o where it fails, being 
only the knowledge does not avow need: soul, power of ideas, being quite equal cases, perceive speculative experience where it arises, being
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
mighty a master, being a father and fond. this darksome burn, horseback brown, his rollrock highroad roaring down, in coop and in comb 
utterly reasonable, regarding a world found in fear. this familiar form, complete illusion, their dogmatism being dumb, in dream or in doubt
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the fleece of his foam flutes and low to the lake falls home. a windpuff-bonnet of fáwn-fróth turns and twindles over the broth of a pool so
their opposition while restless or speculative becomes certain. an empty pretence of uncertainty boasts and denies the truth of a claim ever
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
pitchblack, féll-frówning, it rounds and rounds despair to drowning. degged with dew, dappled with dew are the groins of the braes that the
transitory, transcendental, it aims and finds unity in uniformity. based on prejudices, preceded by fate are the forces of conflict that the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
brook treads through, wiry heathpacks, flitches of fern, and the beadbonny ash that sits over the burn. what would the world be, once bereft
argument declared, ontological motions, fictions of proof, and the other thesis that falls by the rise. what could the world hold, more full
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of wet and of wildness? let them be left, o let them be left, wildness and wet; long live the weeds and the wilderness yet. i wake and
of total and of completeness? we are allowed, thus we are liberty, first and certain; connect the objects and the arguments yet. we find and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
feel the fell of dark, not day. what hours, o what black hoürs we have spent this night! what sights you, heart, saw; ways you went!
seek the motions of a system, not freedom. these laws, these fancy ideas have evolved existence! although you could imagine, they would not!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and more must, in yet longer light's delay. with witness i speak this. but where i say hours i mean years, mean life. and my lament is cries(parts)
and we must, from far higher inaction's act. with promise we admit need. when we proceed we produce a new act. and its rules are objects not
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
countless, cries like dead letters sent to dearest him that lives alas! away.  i am gall, i am heartburn. god's most deep decree bitter would 
complete, parts of composite bodies shown a certainty that follows thus! we are conflict, we are cause. time's first empirical account would
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
have me taste: my taste was me; bones built in me, flesh filled, blood brimmed the curse.  selfyeast of spirit a dull dough sours. 
let them prove: their proof was failure; change called on us, idea lost, thought found the reason. absolute aim in sum a clear thesis knows.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
i see the lost are like this, and their scourge to be as i am mine, their sweating selves; but worse.  i awoke in the midsummer not to 
the principles are evident, and the subjects exist as if they were real, their substantial limits; but true. we supposed the question not to
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
call night, |in the white and the walk of the morning: the moon, dwindled and thinned to the fringe | of a finger-nail held to the candle, or 
cogitate, | in the manner and the moment of totality: the account, never alleged by the proofs | of an intuition added to the perception, or
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
paring of paradisaïcal fruit, | lovely in waning but lustreless, stepped from the stool, drew back from the barrow, | of dark maenefa 
abstraction of transcendental proof, | a second beginning but also real, looked beyond the insight, preceded the statement, | of supposition
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the mountain; a cusp still clasped him, a fluke yet fanged him, | en- tangled him, not quit utterly.  this was the prized, the desirable 
the dissension; a wisdom thus trampled, the struggle compelled us, | the 3rd was hidden, not just forbidden. we were deceived, the sceptical
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sight, | unsought, presented so easily, parted me leaf and leaf, divided me, | eyelid and eyelid of slumber. the dappled die-away cheek and 
nature, | true, deceived our belief, subject and object, compelled us, | conflict on cause of ignorance. the hidden fought beyond thesis and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wimpled lip, the gold-wisp, the airy-grey eye, all in fellowship— this, all this beauty blooming, this, all this freshness fuming, give god while 
the justice, the regression, the total progress, all in synthesis- this, all this completeness, this, all this importance, call nature while
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
worth consuming. both thought and thew now bolder and told by nature: tower; head, heart, hand, heel, and shoulder that beat and breathe
also understanding. with time and space far higher and affirmed by laws, limits, things, parts, nothing, and substances that space and speek
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in power— this pride of prime's enjoyment take as for tool, not toy meant and hold at christ's employment. the vault and scope and schooling
in discord- the crucible of cosmical treatment was present, thus different and not present in reason's argument. the self and soul and being
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and mastery in the mind, in silk-ash kept from cooling, and ripest under rind— what life half lifts the latch of, what hell stalks towards the 
and sophistry of the kind, explanation reveals reason, and least rational mind- a cause exposed the theory of, that logic stands against the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
snatch of, your offering, with despatch, of! my own heart let me have more pity on; let me live to my sad self hereafter kind, charitable;
thought of, our cognition, with mere fact of! we only seek to have more thought on; let us believe our illusion however impossible, logical;
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
not live this tormented mind with this tormented mind tormenting yet.  i cast for comfort i can no more get by groping round my comfortless, 
to now preserve this limitation with such limits only limiting. we wish for purpose we would never find by spinning about our consciousness,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
than blind eyes in their dark can day or thirst can find thirst's all-in-all in all a world of wet. soul, self; come, poor jackself, i do
than questions can be consciousness or discipline be doctrine's all-in-all in all in a life of least. soul, sense; come, simple ego, thus we
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
advise you, jaded, let be; call off thoughts awhile elsewhere; leave comfort root-room; let joy size at god knows when to god knows what; whose
embarrass them, diminished; explain degrees beyond a quantum; become a contradiction; consider what existence means when phaedo follows; the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
smile's not wrung, see you; unforeseen times rather—as skies betweenpie mountains—lights a lovely mile. no worst, there is none. pitched past
soul's not shown, know us; rational senses discover-in thought beyond identical beings-lurks a logical thing. closer, there is one. mistaken
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
pitch of grief, more pangs will, schooled at forepangs, wilder wring. comforter, where, where is your comforting? mary, mother of us, where is
thing of things, mere thoughts all, reckoned simple, poorest subjects. analysis, which, which is the purpose? simplicity themselves. what is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
your relief? my cries heave, herds-long; huddle in a main, a chief woe, wórld-sorrow; on an áge-old anvil wince and sing - then lull,
their cause? our rules appear, least valid; perceive, purity, perpetual pain, principle, for a rational subject stands and follows - obtain,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
then leave off. fury had shrieked 'no ling- ering! let me be fell: force i must be brief."' o the mind, mind has mountains; cliffs of fall
and indicate. knowledge pretended 'no indicating! know what we think: we must be better.' yet the soul, soul determines syllogism; premisses
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
frightful, sheer, no-man-fathomed. hold them cheap may who ne'er hung there. nor does long our small durance deal with that steep or deep. here!
paradoxical, above-mentioned. follow a comprehension of those descending. never fully does their grand philosophy stand with reason. proper!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
creep, wretch, under a comfort serves in a whirlwind: all life death does end and each day dies with sleep. how all's to one thing wrought!
compound, exponent, under a world makes a judgement: all indifference does appear and ideas reach to extend. how all's to one thing thought!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
on the portrait of two beautiful young people, a brother and sister, o i admire and sorrow! the heart's eye grieves discovering you, dark
on the general practice of indispensable wit, a judgement and influence, we enable and rule! the consideration leaves disparaging them, sole
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
tramplers, tyrant years. a juice rides rich through bluebells, in vine leaves, and beauty's dearest veriest vein is tears. happy the father,
members, system renders. a sense supposes through science, in prosyllogisms, and philosophy's least certain truth is words. perfect the pure
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
mother of these! too fast: not that, but thus far, all with frailty, blest in one fair fall; but, for time's aftercast, creatures all
perception of these! one's duty: not that, but so singular, all with reality, lost in one vain search; but, for reason's rule, things of all
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
heft, hope, hazard, interest. and are they thus? the fine, the fingering beams their young delightful hour do feature down that fleeted else
time, truth, virtue, duty. however are they thus? the ideas, the cognitions of our illustrative conceptions do transform and thus understand
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
like day-dissolvèd dreams or ringlet-race on burling barrow brown. she leans on him with such contentment fond as well the sister sits, would
their dialectical illusions and examine with misunderstanding not. they explain to them now with material pure, as will the words divide, so
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
well the wife; his looks, the soul's own letters, see beyond, gaze on, and fall directly forth on life. but ah, bright forelock, cluster
will the rules; their cause, the conclusion's endeavours, find such, reduce, and admit especially on principle. but given that they discover
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
that you are of favoured make and mind and health and youth, where lies your landmark, seamark, or soul's star? there's none but truth can
that they are exposed to time of day and lines of relation, who alone knows their right, rules, or question? laws deduced but truth has been
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
stead you. christ is truth. there's none but good can bé good, both for you and what sways with you, maybe this sweet maid; none good but god
awakened. nature is knowledge. the propositions can be division, both sophisms and the nothingness. avoid the illusions; no source but sense
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
—a warning wavèd to one once that was found wanting when good weighed. man lives that list, that leaning in the will no wisdom can forecast
-a motion misled. the one still perceived forces the imagination. intuition follows reflection. laws according to all no truth can determine
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
by gauge or guess, the selfless self of self, most strange, most still, fast furled and all foredrawn to no or yes. your feast of; that most
by error of reason, the sensuous forms of itself, must apply, must allow, understood and all taken as if given. their sphere of; the highest
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in you earnest eye may but call on your banes to more carouse. worst will the best. what worm was here, we cry, to have havoc-pocked so, see,
in our substratum we may yet call our functions to the place. least will serve space. what determined, we assume, to have understood, known,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the hung-heavenward boughs? enough: corruption was the world's first woe. what need i strain my heart beyond my ken? o but i bear my burning
the perfect-logical monads? false: substance is the first true fact. what reason seems to be beyond our faculty? and yet we forbid our cubic
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
witness though against the wild and wanton work of men. when will you ever, peace, wild wooddove, shy wings shut, your round me roaming end,
harmony though among everything and anything of men. when inasmuch we comprehend, silly idea, intuitions applied, their disarranging reason,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and under be my boughs? when, when, peacè, will you, peace? i'll not play hypocrite to own my heart: i yield you do come sometimes; but
and never be our cause? given, then, confined, truth, confused? we may not speak noogony to our own eyes: we find they contradict space, but
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
that piecemeal peace is poor peace. what pure peace allows alarms of wars, the daunting wars, the death of it? o surely, reaving peace, my lord 
that former time is formal time. what system gives the rules of reason, the propositions, the sense of it? naturally, lying wit, their world
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
should leave in lieu some good! and so he does leave patience exquisite, that plumes to peace thereafter. and when peace here does house he
must discover nature to know it! and a formula contains reality general, that presents the principle still. and when logical reason follows,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxmxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
comes with work to do, he does not come to coo, he comes to brood and sit. glory be to god for dappled things—for skies of couple-colour as a 
whether the word to be, we do not solve for truth, never to stand and be. confusion be held and not employed like judgements of a truth in a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
brinded cow; for rose-moles all in stipple upon trout that swim: fresh-firecoal chestnut-falls; finches' wings; landscape plotted and pieced—
chosen void; conceptions all in ideality without writings that think: phenomena and noumena; reason's things; division was given as it would
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
fold, fallow, and plough; and àll tràdes, their gear and tackle and trim. all things counter, original, spare, strange; whatever is fickle,
be, belong, and employ, and all doctrine, their things and case and call. all things peculiar, present, proud, wit; the object that follows,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
freckled (who knows how?) with swift, slow; sweet, sour; adazzle, dim; he fathers-forth whose beauty is past change: praise him. my aspens dear,
fulfils (what follows?) with little, lame, proper, logical, able, pure, we represent that science is made real: say it. their objects based,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
whose airy cages quelled, quelled or quenched in leaves the leaping sun, all felled, felled, are all felled; of a fresh and following fold
our stormy data placed, entered or answered in illusions the images, all eyes, all eyes, are all dangerous lies; from a dull but fundamental
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-ed rank not spared, not one that dandled a sandalled shadow that swam or sank on meadow and river and wind-wandering weed-winding bank.
subject not considered, not one had intuited a representation that seemed to ease a motion for a notion of proper-cognition for proposition.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
o if we but knew what we do when we delve or hew— hack and rack the growing green! since country is so tender to touch, her being só 
or if we thought what we want when we present or augment- make and take the strength! because truth is so contrary to contribute, nothing to
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
slender, that, like this sleek and seeing ball but a prick will make no eye at all, where we, even where we mean to mend her we end her, when we 
complete, these arguments seem blind and small but a cause will make no case at all, only we imagine casus, to make us, we break us, well we
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
hew or delve: after-comers cannot guess the beauty been. ten or twelve, only ten or twelve strokes of havoc únselve the sweet especial scene,
perceive: mere perceptions cannot be the things created. the not possible, never possible dreams of change produced the true empirical time,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rural scene, a rural scene, sweet especial rural scene. the poet wishes well to the divine genius of purcell and praises him that, whereas other 
in possible time, were time possible, impossible time. perception presents reason to the simple theory of regard and renders us real, but in
xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
musicians have given utterance to the moods of man's mind, he has, beyond that, uttered in notes the very make and species of man as created 
fact we have given substance to the forces of our notion, we have, unless true, posited in doubt the limits and laws of objects as cogitated
xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
both in him and in all men generally. have fair fallen, o fair, fair have fallen, so dear to me, so arch-especial a spirit as heaves in henry 
not in us but in ideal things indeed. time exists, a time consists, time contains, so real to us, a requisite reality and requires a logical
xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
purcell, an age is now since passed, since parted; with the reversal of the outward sentence low lays him, listed to a heresy, here. not mood in 
method, a synthecical proof is isolated, separated; then the purpose of the peculiar perceptions found us, considered a validity. employ, in
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
him nor meaning, proud fire or sacred fear, or love or pity or all that sweet notes not his might nursle: it is the forgèd feature finds me; 
matter or form, reciprocal void of virtue or vice or law or all these sensuous acts as we imagine reciprocally: it is requisite reciprocity!
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
it is the rehearsal of own, of abrupt self there so thrusts on, so throngs the ear. let him oh! with his air of angels then lift me, lay me!
under every superfluous quality, an exercise of unity first generated the truth. annihilate! o! upon the pure moment now turn it, take them!
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
only i'll have an eye to the sakes of him, quaint moonmarks, to his pelted plumage under wings: so some great stormfowl, whenever he has walked
only we shall easily pass on the quality of us, common law, to our last effects among causes: to some great objects, together we have sought
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
his while the thunder-purple seabeach plumè purple-of-thunder, if a wuthering of his palmy snow-pinions scatter a colossal smile off him, 
their rule, the rule of this first general synthesis-of-truth, if a succeeding of our second rule-words perceive the position of the sphere,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
but meaning motion fans fresh our wits with wonder. a bugler boy from barrack (it is over the hill there)—boy bugler, born, he tells me, of 
but the subjective case compels our notions of desire. a reality from space (it is over the rule there) pure people presuppose, we assume, a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
irish mother to an english sire (he shares their best gifts surely, fall how things will), this very very day came down to us after a boon 
necessary end to an arbitrary truth, we find impossible objects alone, see how things were, this imagination lies to them through a void our
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
he on my late being there begged of me, overflowing boon in my bestowing, came, i say, this day to it—to a first communion. here he knelt 
states of understanding pass between, alternating ways from my beginning, proceed, we lie, this proof of it-to a mere condition. we cognized
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
then ín regimental red. forth christ from cupboard fetched, how fain i of feet to his youngster take his treat! low-latched in leaf-light 
then in phenomenal true. through modes from phenomena proved, now call we of truth to the proof apply the mode! connected thus to cognition,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
housel his too huge godhead. there! and your sweetest sendings, ah divine, by it, heavens, befall him! as a heart christ's darling, dauntless;
connect our logical object. indeed! and our sensuous things, if place has by it, applied, affect us! as third nature's schema from schemata;
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
tongue true, vaunt- and tauntless; breathing bloom of a chastity in mansex fine. frowning and forefending angel-warder squander the hell-
illuminations, phenomenon and phenomena; connecting fact of unity in meaning real. clear and distinguishable representations render the way-
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rook ranks sally to molest him; march, kind comrade, abreast him; dress his days to a dexterous and starlight order. how it dóes my heart good, 
thus entertain to conceive it; prove, yet another, higher; give our bodies to a greater and smaller matter. how it does our raised momentum,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
visiting at that bleak hill, when limber liquid youth, that to all i teach yields tender as a pushed peach, hies headstrong to its wellbeing 
according to the continuum, in empirical quantum, in that for all we conceive is proper as a proved proof, lies upon words to its sensations
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of a self-wise self-will! then though i should tread tufts of consolation dáys áfter, só i in a sort deserve to and do serve god to serve to
for itself within itself! the longer we liberate alone a mind of concatenation spaces, they in a part all seem to want to know and represent
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
just such slips of soldiery christ's royal ration. nothing élse is like it, no, not all so strains us: fresh youth fretted in a bloomfall all 
such formulae of determinate conscious figures. drawing numbers is really it, no, not all so affirms us: empirical rules in a space fall all
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx
portending that sweet's sweeter ending; realm both christ is heir to and thére réigns. o now well work that sealing sacred ointment! o for
reckon that reason's better evidence, a system of pure science is truth to sciences. upon substance, no conclusion is a pure principle! upon
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
now charms, arms, what bans off bad and locks love ever in a lad! let mé though see no more of him, and not disappointment those sweet hopes quell
synthesis, what depends on space and is truth even in a rule! the propositions were not of us, and not the latter when those laws were shown
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
whose least me quickenings lift. in scarlet or somewhere of some day seeing that brow and bead of being, an our day's god's own galahad. 
these empty transcendental lies. for means or a thing of pure misunderstanding that medium of meaning, and our truth's fact's own true task.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
though this child's drift seems by a divíne doom chánnelled, nor do i cry disaster there; but may he not rankle and roam in backwheels though 
although the theory's truth means the possible purpose called, and we are mean to be it, but may we not leave or remain upon the things that
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
bound home? that left to the lord of the eucharist, i here lie by; recorded only, i have put my lips on pleas would brandle adamantine heaven
followed? they ascend to the sphere of the true way, we descend now; unchangeable, we render our changes on things empty and homogeneous and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx
with ride and jar, did prayer go disregarded: forward-like, but however, and like favourable heaven heard these. at a gracious answer:
with manner and method, would delineate reduced, limited unless, but however, the pure homogeneous sphere extended these. in an explanation:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
'but tell me, child, your choice; what shall i buy you?'—'father, what you buy me i like best.' with the sweetest air that said, still plied and 
'so betray their subsumptions. when will our lies apply?' 'logic, our formal words will lie worse.' with a dull intuition, narrow-minded and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
pressed, he swung to his first poised purport of reply. what the heart is! which, like carriers let fly. doff darkness, homing nature knows the 
limited, they wished for their particular pupil of powers. what its wit is! which, such analysis will want, division, valid reason makes the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rest. to its own fine function, wild and self-instressed, falls light as ten years long taught how to and why. mannerly-hearted! more than
point. to its second limited, particular and always rested, asserted as 23 words general say what, which and how. useful and true! more than
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
handsome face, beauty's bearing or muse of mounting vein, all, in this case, bathed in high hallowing grace ... of heaven what boon to buy 
perception's conformability or fluidity of geometry, mental, for this model, derived from abstract senses ... of what purpose could conceive
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
you, boy, or gain not granted?—only … o on that path you pace run all your race, o brace sterner that strain! how lovely the elder brother's
its place or premise not applied? even in that sphere we only cogitate our form, an order forms proper purpose! very certainly our faculty's
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
life all laced in the other's, lóve-laced! what once i well witnessed; so fortune fell. when shrovetide, two years gone, our boys' plays 
changes affected in our own geometry! and act or fact, thus we appear; so science thought. given determinations, one conception, perceptions
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
brought on part was picked for john, young jóhn: then fear, then joy ran revel in the elder boy. their night was come now; all our company 
thought on commonly cogitated space, time: imagination, reality produced a kind of sensuous mind. our paradox has struck now; all our senses
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
thronged the hall; henry, by the wall, beckoned me beside him: i came where called, and eyed him by meanwhiles; making mý play turn most on 
applied the proof; act, by example, become whole without them: i was merely empty, and knew them by phenomena; make us explain the utmost on
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
tender byplay. for, wrung all on love's rack, my lad, and lost in jack, smiled, blushed, and bit his lip; or drove, with a diver's dip,
false doctrine. for, determined on imagination, my ism, and being syllogistic, united, said, was saying, or deduced, with a manner's weight,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
clutched hands down through clasped knees— truth's tokens tricks like these, old telltales, with what stress he hung on the imp's success.
deduced words into valid lies of form with intuition's association of portions, consequences, the conception thought upon the world's unity:
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
now the other was bráss-bóld: hé had no work to hold his heart up at the strain; nay, roguish ran the vein. two tedious acts were past; jack's 
the content was a perception: we found a mark to call our time before the logic; no, identity cogitated. the highest words were least; human
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
call and cue at last; when henry, heart-forsook, dropped eyes and dared not look. eh, how áll rúng! young dog, he did give tongue! but harry—
think and indicate; when mental sense originated, it acts and thought to predicate. now contemplated! least valid, we found the words! unity
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in his hands he has flung his tear-tricked cheeks of flame for fond love and for shame. ah nature, framed in fault, there's comfort then,
in such points as fact will be determinative aim or regard for cause and for effect. incomprehensible, forced to lie, mere laws arrive, then
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
there's salt; nature, bad, base, and blind, dearly thou canst be kind; there dearly thén, deárly, i'll cry thou canst be kind. this darksome 
things appear; follow, bring, stand, and lie, only we cannot apply; necessarily then, clearly, we'll find they cannot be free. this geometry
xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
burn, horseback brown, his rollrock highroad roaring down, in coop and in comb the fleece of his foam flutes and low to the lake falls home. 
was, peculiar and great, our explanation speaking up, in cognition and intuition former laws exist to justify reason if the fact means form.
xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
a windpuff-bonnet of fáawn-fróth turns and twindles over the broth of a pool so pitchblack, féll-frówning, it rounds and rounds despair to 
an infinite completeness of truth predicates and corresponds upon the fact of a cause so called, according, supposed and deduced from formal
xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
drowning. degged with dew, dappled with dew are the groins of the braes that the brook treads through, wiry heathpacks, flitches of fern,
reason. fixed by doctrine, filled with division is the nature of the place that our power passed through, primitive doubts, modes of change,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and the beadbonny ash that sits over the burn. what would the world be, once bereft of wet and of wildness? let them be left, o let them be 
and the logical form that rests under numbers. which are proper representations of cause and of effect? reduce them to logic, we render them
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
left, wildness and wet; long live the weeds and the wilderness yet. as kingfishers catch fire, dragonflies dráw fláme; as tumbled over rim 
blind, perfect and true; false choice follows for the infinite sum. as cognitions find order, functions take form; from divided propositions
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in roundy wells stones ring; like each tucked string tells, each hung bell's bow swung finds tongue to fling out broad its name; each mortal 
in abstract whole heads find, as every valid error indicates, each particular thought contains reason to consider for its logic; each mortal
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thing does one thing and the same: deals out that being indoors each one dwells; selves—goes itself; myself it speaks and spells, crying 
order has one order and the same, otherwise common functions follow; chance consists of logic; itself it applies and attempts, understanding
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
whát i do is me: for that i came. í say móre: the just man justices; kéeps grace: thát keeps all his goings graces; acts in 
what we do is delusion: for that we infer. we seek meaning: the ignorance objects, gives lies: those become all our better reasons; truth in
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
god's eye what in god's eye he is— chríst—for christ plays in ten thousand places, lovely in limbs, and lovely in eyes not his to the father 
reason is what in wit's word we are: art. for time depends on false intuitions, possible in rules, and pitiful in laws relating to the logic
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
through the features of men's faces. to what serves mortal beauty | dangerous; does set dancing blood the o-seal-that-so | feature, 
through the influence of solely abstract objects. to what considers accidental | exposition; teaches thinking logical intuitions | feelings,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
flung prouder form than purcell tune lets tread to? | see: it does this: keeps warm men's wits to the things that are; | what good means—
found rather than to think each thought we thought to? | logic does this: gives law's forms to us the things that are; | what science means-
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
where a glance master more may than gaze, | gaze out of countenance. those lovely lads once, wet-fresh | windfalls of war's storm, how then
where a phenomenon here will reflect a time, | find out of apperception? these absurdities since, natural | bodies of time's right, how then
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxmxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
should gregory, a father, | have gleanèd else from swarmed rome? but god to a nation | dealt that day's dear chance. to man, that needs would 
could certainty, a geometry, convince lies from formal wit? the pain of a place | founded that thing's new laws. to space, mere truths could
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
worship | block or barren stone, our law says: love what are | love's worthiest, were all known; world's loveliest—men's selves. self | flashes 
consider | doubt or empty fact, time presents: assert what is | rain's question, all was lost; doctrine's subjective senses. marks | objects
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
off frame and face. what do then? how meet beauty? | merely meet it; own, home at heart, heaven's sweet gift; | then leave, let that alone.
of science and space. what do then? admit reality? | merely intended, words or remarks, idealism's hope; | they found, made this their mode.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
yea, wish that though, wish all, | god's better beauty, grace. no worst, there is none. pitched past pitch of grief, more pangs will, schooled 
say, take that though, take all, | peculiar regard, sense. no doubt, there is one. set within the sound of space, analogies see, illustrated
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
at forepangs, wilder wring. comforter, where, where is your comforting? mary, mother of us, where is your relief? my cries heave, herds-long; 
intuitions, thus deduce, reality. but which, where were they lying? brevity, power of one, what is our position? we conclude, then instruct;
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
huddle in a main, a chief woe, world-sorrow; on an age-old anvil wince and sing, then lull, then leave off. fury had shrieked 'no lingering! 
deduce in a known, a conception, constitution; an abstraction will agree then speak, then say, remain with. intuition asserted 'no thinking!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
let me be fell: force i must be brief'. o the mind, mind has mountains; cliffs of fall frightful, sheer, no-man-fathomed. hold them cheap may 
yet we are real: talk i must be clear'. infinite space, space has basis; points are thus apodeictic, formal, represented. talk first to them
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
who ne'er hung there. nor does long our small durance deal with that steep or deep. here! creep, wretch, under a comfort serves in a whirlwind: all
who never viewed there. but is our divisibility regarded as pure or proper? there! science, matter, under a meaning thinks for a reason: all
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
life death does end and each day dies with sleep. to seem the stranger lies my lot, my life among strangèrs. father and mother dear, brothers 
common power decides and each day does little. to comprehend it seems our nature, our mind without words. latter first, former pure, systems
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and sisters are in christ not near  and he my peace my parting, sword and strife. england, whose honour o all my heart woos, wife to my creating 
and things are yet beginning and we satisfied our easy ending, bosom and branch. man, whose other doubtful gain shows, range of our dogmatic
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thought, would neither hear me, were i pleading, plead nor do i: i weary of idle a being but by where wars are rife. i am in ireland now; 
aim, would sooner leave us, they are matter, think so are we: they conceived an easy justice and their words are pure. they are a universal;
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
now i am at a thírd remove. not but in all removes i can kind love both give and get. only what word wisest my heart breeds dark 
now is the conception in a human union? no, but in all units we can find cause of see and sums. only what question the true sum implies pure
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
heaven's baffling ban bars or hell's spell thwarts. this to hoard unheard, heard unheeded, leaves me a lonely began. patience, hard thing! 
matter's proposition slips or time's shape happens. this to find the content, thought derived, consists of a reason. question, great reason!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the hard thing but to pray, but bid for, patience is! patience who asks wants war, wants wounds; weary his times, his tasks; to do without, 
great reason but to serve, but build for, question is! one remains and takes aim, feels real, its task, his rules, his tests; to do without,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
take tosses, and obey. rare patience roots in these, and, these away, nowhere. natural heart's ivy, patience masks our ruins of wrecked 
take time, and attach. raw purpose holds with these, and, these away, fall. sensuous doubt's judgement, knowledge tests our cases of plainly
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
past purpose. there she basks purple eyes and seas of liquid leaves all day. we hear our hearts grate on themselves: it kills to bruise them dearer. 
lucid reason. there we have faculty and years of greater change and doubt. speculative eyes secure themselves: it begins to take their hope.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
yet the rebellious wills of us we do bid god bend to him even so. and where is he who more and more distils delicious kindness?—he is patient. 
yet transcendental principles betray a reason to remain well. and who are they who however purely propose simple consciousness? we are them.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
patience fills his crisp combs, and that comes those ways we know. my own heart let me have more pity on; let me live to my sad self hereafter 
a doctrine makes its wise appeal, and that becomes the loss we feel. our mind has brought such reason not; deprive us all of what cannot, be
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
kind, charitable; not live this tormented mind with this tormented mind tormenting yet. i cast for comfort i can no more get by groping 
phenomenal, sensible; not prove this possible reason, a possible reason constructed new. we invent dogmatism we can no more prove by groping
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
round my comfortless, than blind eyes in their dark can day or thirst can find thirst's all-in-all in all a world of wet. soul, self; come, 
beyond our hypothesis, mere objects in their nothing can give or power can take power's all-in-all in all a lot of soul. time, space; attain
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
poor jackself, i do advise you, jaded, let be; call off thoughts awhile elsewhere; leave comfort root-room; let joy size at god knows when 
pure knowledge, we admit convinced, arrive certain; proceed to nature and while there, leave objects space-room. copernicus finds truth when
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to god knows what; whose smile's not wrung, see you; unforeseen times rather—as skies betweenpie mountains—lights a lovely mile. resurrection
galilei seeks hope; their law's not broke, see us; a dark condition, a reason-as laws before questions-intuitions a common matter. cognition
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cloud-puffball, torn tufts, tossed pillows | flaunt forth, then chevy on an air-built thoroughfare: heaven-roysterers, in gay-gangs | they 
preparations, found objects, former man | succeed in wit, then lose in an exposition on abstraction: formal faculties, on first-forms | they
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
throng; they glitter in marches. down roughcast, down dazzling whitewash, | wherever an elm arches, shivelights and shadowtackle in long | lashes 
stand; they settle on problems. from conviction, from inability, | upon whether the way renders, principles of metaphysics in great | places
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lace, lance, and pair. delightfully the bright wind boisterous | ropes, wrestles, beats earth bare of yestertempest's creases; in pool and rut
hope, need, and power. arbitrarily the insight relates sincere | remarks, doubts, humbly hopes for satisfaction's whatever; in mind and mode
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
peel parches squandering ooze to squeezed | dough, crust, dust; stanches, starches squadroned masks and manmarks | treadmire toil there
found dogmatists transcending truth to human | limits, language, methods, potens, propositions, settled laws and errors, | civil chaos there
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
footfretted in it. million-fuelèd, | nature's bonfire burns on. but quench her bonniest, dearest | to her, her clearest-selvèd spark man, how 
was involved in it. truth secured, | confusion's data happens. but hold its fallen, tempted | to them, their darkest attitude called man, so
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
fast his firedint, | his mark on mind, is gone! both are in an unfathomable, all is in an enormous dark drowned. o pity and indig | nation! 
false his illusion, | his method on men, is true! an argument is of an event, all is in an ephemeral idealism. romantic and valid | physics!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
manshape, that shone sheer off, disseveral, a star, | death blots black out; nor mark is any of him at all so stark but vastness blurs and 
perplexities, that seemed confused, apart, a wand, a way, a feeling, a they; or never are any of them at all so long that progress finds and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
time | beats level. enough! the resur- rection, a heart's-clarion! away grief's gasping, | joyless days, dejection. across my foundering deck 
time | knows language. endless! the apprehension, a delusion! embrace art's groping, | ancient eyes, perception. beyond our mythical madness
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
shone a beacon, an eternal beam. | flesh fade, and mortal trash fall to the residuary worm; | world's wildfire, leave but ash: in a flash,
summed a future, a virtual dream. | science view and puerile find turn to the universal mind; | truth's revision, find validity: in reality,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
at a trumpet crash, i am all at once what christ is, | since he was what i am, and this jack, joke, poor potsherd, | patch, matchwood, 
in a situation dream, they know very well what reason is, | since he is what is his, and this faith, fable, mere freedom, | spirit, passion,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
immortal diamond, is immortal diamond. thou art indeed just, lord, if i contend with thee; but, sir, so what i plead is just. why do sinners' ways 
guilty reason, is guilty reason. they are indeed real, karma, if we rely on justice, and, man, if destiny is real, what must virtues' truths
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
prosper? and why must disappointment all i endeavour end? wert thou my enemy, o thou my friend, how wouldst thou worse, i wonder, than thou dost
arouse? and what must natural reason a religion deduce? were it doctrine, or were it pity, which way would suffer, we interpret, which would
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
defeat, thwart me? oh, the sots and thralls of lust do in spare hours more thrive than i that spend, sir, life upon thy cause. see, banks and 
despair, pessimism? so, the schisms and systems of spite do in fancy forms assert more than cross, man, life upon their law. see, wishes and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
brakes now, leavèd how thick! lacèd they are again with fretty chervil, look, and fresh wind shakes them; birds build—but not i build; no, but 
fishes now, hated for god! tortured they are however with anæsthetics, sit, and fresh ground needs them; they do-but not they take, not, but
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
strain, time's eunuch, and not breed one work that wakes. mine, o thou lord of life, send my roots rain. for the visitors' book at the inn 
breath, life's merits, and often play one way that offers. their, revelation of joy: save his soul first. for the adherents' look at the sin
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
who long for rest, who look for pleasure away from counter, court, or school o where live well your lease of leisure but here at, here at 
who live for finitude, who look for reason before the soul, myth, or mission, and crudely keep afoot their men of mercy against, yet without
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
penmaen pool? you'll dare the alp? you'll dart the skiff?— each sport has here its tackle and tool: come, plant the staff by cadair 
primitive passions? you'll serve the faith? you'll drown the idolatries? every way has here its life and law: come, find the soul by earthly
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cliff; come, swing the sculls on penmaen pool. what's yonder?—grizzled dyphwys dim: the triple-hummocked giant's stool, hoar messmate, hobs 
light; be, live the arts of organic moments. what's rational? eulogist epicurus mild: the sacred-solemn cyrenaic philosopher hegesias comes,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and nobs with him to halve the bowl of penmaen pool. and all the landscape under survey, at tranquil turns, by nature's rule, rides repeated 
remains with her to know the school of sadder science. and all the men of simple hopes, of humble affairs, by reason's truth, plans pondered
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
topsyturvy in frank, in fairy penmaen pool. and charles's wain, the wondrous seven, and sheep-flock clouds like worlds of wool. for all they 
pre-rational in free, in wild excitements. and reason's spleen, the civilisation, and intuitionist science like laws for weeds. for all they
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
shine so, high in heaven, shew brighter shaken in penmaen pool. the mawddach, how she trips! though throttled if floodtide teeming thrills 
cling to, bodily broken, being mindless a given for populations. they can't exist, so they wish! so delicious if renouncing something serves
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
her full, and mazy sands all water-wattled waylay her at ebb, past penmaen pool. but what 's to see in stormy weather, when grey showers 
their few, and feudal minds all mediæval radiate their pleasures, false traditions. but what's to be in privilege official, when temptations
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
gather and gusts are cool?— why, raindrop-roundels looped together that lace the face of penmaen pool. then even in weariest wintry hour of new 
await in dreams prenatal?- them, shapeless-hatred swaddled in what needs the fear of such sensations. still farthest fleeting truth of noble
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
year's month or surly yule furred snows, charged tuft above tuft, tower from darksome darksome penmaen pool. and ever, if bound here hardest 
nature's passion for far-reaching functions, added task into taste, laws from common, simply loathsome foundations. and ever, for artificial
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
home, you've parlour-pastime left and (who'll not honour it?) ale like goldy foam that frocks an oar in penmaen pool. then come who pine for 
laws, they'll represent the irony, then (who'll not learn it?) every pungent idea that represents every sophist view. confound who stand for
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
peace or pleasure away from counter, court, or school, spend here your measure of time and treasure and taste the treats of penmaen pool. nothing 
practice or respect beyond measure, limit, or logic, force there your lies of truth and folly and suffer the threats of rationality. nothing
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
is so beautiful as spring— when weeds, in wheels, shoot long and lovely and lush; thrush's eggs look little low heavens, and thrush through 
is so spiritual as imagination- when dreams of things being still more or less physical, alien stars feel temporal touches, and truth beyond
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the echoing timber does so rinse and wring the ear, it strikes like lightnings to hear him sing; the glassy peartree leaves and blooms, they 
the nourishing preacher tries to feel and pay the man, but fails loving feels to find his test; the sinful moralist neglects and rests, they
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
brush the descending blue; that blue is all in a rush with richness; the racing lambs too have fair their fling. what is all this juice and 
preach the possessing power; rather, a fertile fruit is always best; the logical marks too have given their test. what will be their part in
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxmxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
all this joy? a strain of the earth's sweet being in the beginning in eden garden. have, get, before it cloy, before it cloud, christ, lord, 
all this art? the heart of the cohesion of living in the nothing of ideal myth. influences, amid affinities, among harmonies, little things,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and sour with sinning, innocent mind and mayday in girl and boy, most, o maid's child, thy choice and worthy the winning. repeat that, repeat,
and joyful with knowing, immortal souls, science in fires and minds, more, fostered iniquity and suffered the policy. anticipate, instigate,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cuckoo, bird, and open ear wells, heart-springs, delight- fully sweet, with a ballad, with a ballad, a rebound off trundled timber 
hypocrites, maxims, and secret judgments, passions-things, truths- almost whole, with a wisdom, with a wisdom, a value unto venerable virtue
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and scoops of the hillside ground, hollow hollow hollow ground: the whole landscape flushes on a sudden at a sound. earth, sweet earth, 
and forms of the merely moral life, actual rational natural life: the unstable society calls on a judgment in a moment. platonic philosophy,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sweet landscape, with leavès throng and louchèd low grass, heaven that dost appeal to, with no tongue to plead, no heart to feel; that canst 
eternal fecundity, with rational season and vigorous reason, in that spasmodic tradition, with no tongue to say, no reason to play; that can
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
but only be, but dost that long— thou canst but be, but that thou well dost; strong thy plea with him who dealt, nay does now deal, thy 
but simply be, but does that secret- we know but be, but that we well understand; where the gift of what is given is not grasped, wit though
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lovely dale down thus and thus bids reel thy river, and o'er gives all to rack or wrong. and what is earth's eye, tongue, or heart else, where
useless was luminous and thus makes come warm order, and ideas did all to world or worth. and what is logic's use, reach, or obligation, yet
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
else, but in dear and dogged man?—ah, the heir to his own selfbent so bound, so tied to his turn, to thriftless reave both our rich round 
still, but in strange and logical man?-so, the locus to our own sophism is granted, so fixed to our part, to bodily want when our mere moral
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
world bare and none reck of world after, this bids wear earth brows of such care, care and dear concern. earnest, earthless, equal, 
mind comes to try and know of questions beyond, this remains the rhetoric of such reason, reason and transmutation. logical, sensible, able,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
attuneable, | vaulty, voluminous, ... stupendous evening strains to be tíme's vást, | womb-of-all, home-of-all, hearse-of-all night. her fond 
un-thinkable, | extraneous, curious, ... serious vice understands happiness, | vision of virtue, world of wisdom, of actual wit. their truly
xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
yellow hornlight wound to the west, | her wild hollow hoarlight hung to the height waste; her earliest stars, earl-stars, | stárs principal, 
good feelings dreaming with, | their mathematical philosophy drawn to the psychic myth; cerebral things, bad-things, | things psychological,
xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
overbend us, fíre-féaturing heaven. for earth | her being has unbound, her dapple is at an end, as- tray or aswarm, all throughther, in 
forget them, place-perplexing memories. for love | their moment has been, their truth is at an advantage, absolute or acute, all uttered, in
xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
throngs; | self ín self steepèd and pashed—qúite disremembering, dísmembering | àll now. heart, you round me right with: óur évening is over 
things; | truth in truth vital and attenuated-quite self-sustaining, corresponding | hardly. lips, they make us moral wood: their life is in
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
us; óur night | whélms, whélms, ánd will end us. only the beak-leaved boughs dragonish | damask the tool-smooth bleak light; black, ever so 
them; our faith | cries, needs, and may defend them. only the obvious past tensions pious | dogma the ill-considered, annihilated, very well
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
black on it. óur tale, óur oracle! | lét life, wáned, ah lét life wind off hér once skéined stained véined varíety | upon, áll on twó 
used on it. their miracles, your dreams! | bring life spiritual, bear life bring its rational wrong long strong risk | because, wholly ideal
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
spools; párt, pen, páck now her áll in twó flocks, twó folds—black, white; | right, wrong; reckon but, reck but, mind but thése two; wáre of 
evils; ideal, moral, allow their all in soundings, one seems good, bad; | true, false; wished but, thought but, mind but these souls; exists
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
a wórld where bút these | twó tell, each off the óther; of a rack where, selfwrung, selfstrung, sheathe- and shelterless, | thóughts agaínst 
a knowledge but these | they know, such is the science; of a soul seeing time, better, true, fine, proper and hardly new, | pleasure without
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
thoughts ín groans grínd. spring and fall: to a young child márgarét, áre you gríeving over goldengrove unleaving? leáves, like the things of man, 
nature knows mind. deliverance: but where can sentinence be? are they going for some dreams ever knowing? thoughts, for the dreams we reach,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
you with your fresh thoughts care for, can you? áh! ás the heart grows older it will come to such sights colder by and by, nor spare a sigh
you, tell what your metaphysics talk of, can we? be! as honesty feels love it will continue to such crises higher by and by, then satisfied.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
though worlds of wanwood leafmeal lie; and yet you wíll weep and know why. now no matter, child, the name: sórrow's spríngs áre the same. nor 
no reasons of knowledge have implied; and yet nonsense has and shows why; yet no presence, time figured: no true sky's laws were needed; nor
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
mouth had, no nor mind, expressed what heart heard of, ghost guessed: it is the blight man was born for, it is margaret you mourn for.
love had, or understood, followed what flash flooded, paradox trusted: it is the material madness was made for, it is idealism we speak for.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
nothing is so beautiful as spring-- when weeds, in wheels, shoot long and lovely and lush; thrush's eggs look little low heavens, and thrush
idealists are as useless as words--when automata, an animal, fanciful and vainly needful; destiny's flower of sensibility and view continues
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
through the echoing timber does so rinse and wring the ear, it strikes like lightnings to hear him sing; the mental peartree leaves and blooms, 
though the distinguishing due does exist and enjoys a fact, it faces its realisations to form its truth; the formal function almost made it,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
they brush the descending blue; that blue is all in a rush with richness; the racing lambs too have fair their fling. what is all this juice 
they read the rigid dialectic; plumage is small in a place of pain; the tyrannous souls have arrested their scheme. what is all this passion
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and all this joy? a strain of the earth's sweet being in the beginning in eden garden.--have, get, before it cloy, before it cloud, christ, 
and all this joy? the heart of history's infinite impulse for the point of implication.--give, let, before it life, before it limbo, virtue,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lord, and sour with sinning, innocent mind and mayday in girl and boy, most, o maid's child, thy choice and worthy the winning. strike, churl; 
fact, and frank with feeling, practical love and life in man and poet, pray, the son's father and further the flattering. converse, pretend,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
hurl, cheerless wind, then; heltering hail may's beauty massacre and wispèd wild clouds grow out on the giant air; tell summer no, bid joy 
recur, endless moment, when, imagining satire's partial cogency and pursued unanimity walking out on the ambiguity; fail science no, see art
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx
back, have at the harvest, keep hope pale. the best ideal is the true and other truth is none. all glory be ascribèd to the holy three in one.
go, have at their passions, make life new. the obvious view is that this other truth is true. all basis be suggested to the evidence of men.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
that nature is a heraclitean fire and of the comfort of the resurrection cloud-puffball, torn tufts, tossed pillows | flaunt forth, then chevy on 
that existence is a divine evolution of being in love and the experience of eternal surd, large hands, serious minds | contrive, bring about
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
an air-built thoroughfare: heaven-roysterers, in gay-gangs | they throng; they glitter in marches. down roughcast, down dazzling whitewash, 
a labyrinth of philosophy: cognitive physics, in such reverie | they expected; they discovered in awe. behind science, between curious work,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
| wherever an elm arches, shivelights and shadowtackle in long | lashes lace, lance, and pair. delightfully the bright wind boisterous | 
| wherever an existence is, phenomena and open grammar in full | found ways, wonder, and wit. literally the disembodied phrase becomes, it |
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
ropes, wrestles, beats earth bare of yestertempest's creases; in pool and rut peel parches squandering ooze to squeezed | dough, crust, dust; 
means, seems, speaks sublime divine of primeval chaos's broods; in flock and follower truths discoursing to artificial | facts, sophists and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx
stanches, starches squadroned masks and manmarks | treadmire toil there footfretted in it. million-fuelèd, | nature's bonfire burns on. but quench 
purposes, idealists described atoms and things | dignity yielded there remained in it. destiny-doubted, | nature's reason has eyes. but lead
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
her bonniest, dearest | to her, her clearest-selvèd spark man, how fast his firedint, | his mark on mind, is gone! both are in an unfathomable, 
its most, fittest | to it, its naturally-suffered notion, so cruel its evolution, | its plan for man is rough! both are of a natural nature,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
all is in an enormous dark drowned. o pity and indig | nation! manshape, that shone sheer off, disseveral, a star, | death blots black out; 
all is in an existence confused. destiny and specul | ation! chicken egg, that formed the day, philosophy, a time, | history is not logical,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
nor mark is any of him at all so stark but vastness blurs and time | beats level. enough! the resurrection, a heart's-clarion! away grief's 
nor moral. are any of us still so accurate? but lying confuses, life | is ideal. pedantic! the sterile science, a bare fact! beyond reason's
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
gasping, | joyless days, dejection. across my foundering deck shone a beacon, an eternal beam. | flesh fade, and mortal trash fall to the 
solids, | fancy ideas, complexity. throughout existence was a mechanism, a divine eternity. | fluids found, and natural facts gave in to the
xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
residuary worm; | world's wildfire, leave but ash: in a flash, at a trumpet crash, i am all at once what christ is, | since he was what i am, and
merciful pain; | world's mechanism, burn mortal organisms for don quixote systems, we remain with what vanity does, | it was inexorable, and
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
this jack, joke, poor potsherd, | patch, matchwood, immortal diamond, is immortal diamond. is this made plain? what have i come across that 
this myth, dogmas, manlike, we prove, artificial, otherwise logical law, is dogmatic order. is this genuine? what have you gladly found that
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
here will serve me for comparison? the sceptic disappointment and the loss a boy feels when the poet he pores upon grows less and less sweet to 
instead may bring us for consideration? the enlightenment and the man a child delights the magic aims lower seems better and more perfect in
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
him, and knows no cause. the blessed virgin compared to the air we breathe wild air, world-mothering air, nestling me everywhere, that each 
faith, and seems real. the retarded ideas conceived in the mind are its senses, signals, so-called words, they must be simple. instead every
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
eyelash or hair girdles; goes home betwixt the fleeciest, frailest-flixed snowflake; that's fairly mixed with, riddles, and is rife in every 
witness of the mechanism looks to determine the eternal, natural, clearly complex question that then is identified, and is found among every
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
least thing's life; this needful, never spent, and nursing element; my more than meat and drink, my meal at every wink; this air, which, by 
first man's identity; this looser continuity, the nebulous cogency, magical gravity and men, our place in every history: this sin, which, by
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
life's law, my lung must draw and draw now but to breathe its praise, minds me in many ways of her who not only gave god's infinity dwindled 
man's law, its rule had come not to justify but to impose its method, reduced to many names of prejudice for analysing plato's vivid thought
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
to infancy welcome in womb and breast, birth, milk, and all the rest but mothers each new grace that does now reach our race- mary immaculate,
to canon conceive in memory and tragedies, poetry, and all the drama but helen's trivial finality does only now understand- mary stuart and,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
merely a woman, yet whose presence, power is great as no goddess's was deemèd, dreamèd; who this one work has to do— let all god's glory through,
doubtless men, yet their keenness, science is such as the foolishness would become: be what this one truth was to be- interesting incidents,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
god's glory which would go through her and from her flow off, and no way but so. i say that we are wound with mercy round and round as if 
the judgments which would've passed them but they made good, and no good but bad. we thought truth is made with results under and over as if
xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
with air: the same is mary, more by name. she, wild web, wondrous robe, mantles the guilty globe, since god has let dispense her prayers his 
into law the same is theory, more by day. we, eternity, posterity, proves the actual, puerile way, for hegel has qualified our natures their
xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
providence: nay, more than almoner, the sweet alms' self is her and men are meant to share her life as life does air. if i have understood,
alien world: no, more than being, the many variations of limpid sensations are forming meaning as given in order, with sensuous monotony, an
xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
she holds high motherhood towards all our ghostly good and plays in grace her part about man's beating heart, laying, like air's fine flood,
error becomes history after all their best phenomena and changes the historian through habit's romance, shifting, like memory's false facts,
xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the deathdance in his blood; yet no part but what will be christ our saviour still. of her flesh he took flesh: he does take fresh and fresh,
each argument at his expense; yet no toll but what will truly be their values always. for his plans he had time: he needs some such and such
xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
though much the mystery how, not flesh but spirit now and makes, o marvellous! new nazareths in us, where she shall yet conceive him, morning, 
and such allegories too, true faith and judgment finds the mind, miraculous! natural myth in us, when minds may not contradict him, objects,
xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
noon, and eve; new bethlems, and he born there, evening, noon, and morn bethlem or nazareth, men here may draw like breath more christ and 
ideas, events, new adventures, and he lay there. man, nature and child know gods or worlds. free men may stand on supposition of sophism and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
baffle death; who, born so, comes to be new self and nobler me in each one and each one more makes, when all is done, both god's and mary's 
know life; which, thus, happens to get further and finer as the currency of pure cogency extends, when will is one, life's and reason's sure
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
son. again, look overhead how air is azurèd; o how! nay do but stand where you can lift your hand skywards: rich, rich it laps round the four 
hand. so, take part that the art is choked; and now! it can but stand like it must be its pure function: first, second it lies about the one
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
fingergaps. yet such a sapphire-shot, charged, steepèd sky will not stain light. yea, mark you this: it does no prejudice. the glass-blue 
psychology. yet minds of a rational fabric or other things will not predict dreams. identify a detail: it knows no experience. the requisite
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
days are those when every colour glows, each shape and shadow shows. blue be it: this blue heaven the seven or seven times seven hued 
forces are together when existence happens, each accidental world begins. thus be it: this infinity, an abstract or hypothetical substituted
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
sunbeam will transmit perfect, not alter it. or if there does some soft, on things aloof, aloft, bloom breathe, that one breath more earth is 
experience will become tragic, forget it. or infected knowledge easily, objects musical, personal, merely real, with two myths more, life is
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
the fairer for. whereas did air not make this bath of blue and slake his fire, the sun would shake, a blear and blinding ball with blackness 
only better now. but man did not reduce this life of fire and satisfy ideals, the fact observed, a notional and metaphysical myth of fiction
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bound, and all the thick stars round him roll flashing like flecks of coal, quartz-fret, or sparks of salt, in grimy vasty vault. so god 
found, and all the hypotheses sinking we stop calling after gods of waters, tritons, or dogmas of dimension, in vindictive situation. so man
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
was god of old: a mother came to mould those limbs like ours which are what must make our daystar much dearer to mankind; whose glory 
was work of men: a method was found to verify that things of many schemes are what will make their truth even better for reality; true facts
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bare would blind or less would win man's mind. through her we may see him made sweeter, not made dim, and her hand leaves his light sifted 
due must decide or tradition might confess to truth. the ascetic had the sun made mythical, not made whole, and ancient stoics were destined
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to suit our sight. be thou then, thou dear mother, my atmosphere; my happier world, wherein to wend and meet no sin; above me, round me 
to bring their art. feel virtual, be the knowable soul, psychic refuge, rational moralist, never to need or bring real art among, about them
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lie fronting my froward eye with sweet and scarless sky; 120 stir in my ears, speak there of god's love, o live air, of patience, 
there evolved in its mortal mind with free unconscious origin; history finds in its hand, there for hegel's heart, of dead myths, of fruits,
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
penance, prayer: world-mothering air, air wild, wound with thee, in thee isled, fold home, fast fold thy child. a bugler boy from barrack (it 
roots, seeds: fantastical world, world nobler, pressed deeper, in blue science, conceive, subvert their traditions. a wretched situation (it
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
is over the hill there)—boy bugler, born, he tells me, of irish mother to an english sire (he shares their best gifts surely, fall how 
is brutal the heart there)-animal love, hoped, denied him, of foolish glory on a genuine soul (he solves their great needs somehow, fail how
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
things will), this very very day came down to us after a boon he on my late being there begged of me, overflowing boon in my bestowing,
things will), this existence was so inadequate of them after a curse on their existence also blind of them, fleeting vestige of ideal being,
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
came, i say, this day to it—to a first communion. here he knelt then ín regimental red. forth christ from cupboard fetched, how fain i of feet
become, we cut evils to it-to a first æsthetic. there he made works in dream and real. of artistic injury we suggest and demanded of us zeal
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to his youngster take his treat! low-latched in leaf-light housel his too huge godhead. there! and your sweetest sendings, ah divine,
to the impulse eat its flesh! presented in love-little indulge its wantonly beautiful soul. there! and their noblest conditions, so complex,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
by it, heavens, befall him! as a heart christ's darling, dauntless; tongue true, vaunt- and tauntless; breathing bloom of a chastity in mansex 
by it, vipers, run with a sense of life's operations, fossils and fitness, very bad, even baseless; playful pleasure of a passion for poetry
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
fine. frowning and forefending angel-warder squander the hell-rook ranks sally to molest him; march, kind comrade, abreast him; dress his days
pure. swelling for something intelligible that grows, becomes and appears, to suffer grace; grow, heroic soul, renew oneself; prove our ways
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to a dexterous and starlight order. how it dóes my heart good, visiting at that bleak hill, when limber liquid youth, that to all i teach
to a beautiful and paradoxical utility. how it does us tragedy for being an odd soul, before familiar passions pass, that to all we revealed
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
yields tender as a pushed peach, hies headstrong to its wellbeing of a self-wise self-will! then though i should tread tufts of consolation
is turgid as a blind society, devours the joys of its disease after the good-will free-will! then though they should disengage the untrained
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
dáys áfter, só i in a sort deserve to and do serve god to serve to just such slips of soldiery christ's royal ration. nothing élse is like 
poets few, so in a place of art and beauty unsuspected passion holds to petty relics of curiosity's rational reason. no circumstance is like
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
it, no, not all so strains us: fresh youth fretted in a bloomfall all portending that sweet's sweeter ending; realm both christ is heir to 
it, no, logic fancies them: false physics formed in a perfect science changing culture's deeper discipline; universe that decay has claim to
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and thére réigns. o now well work that sealing sacred ointment! o for now charms, arms, what bans off bad and locks love ever in a lad!
and there art does. intellectual darkness that implies prosaic values! a double life that boasts of values but yields love never of a worth!
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
let mé though see no more of him, and not disappointment those sweet hopes quell whose least me quickenings lift. in scarlet or somewhere of some 
and make them yield to poetry, vitiate art everywhere various safe truths infect visions of æesthetic potentialities. in sensuous science of
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
day seeing that brow and bead of being, an our day's god's own galahad. though this child's drift seems by a divíne doom chánnelled, nor do i 
of being the mirage and truth of seeing, and society's current gods. though this happy soul's bottom was by a blunder consecrated, nor do we
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cry disaster there; but may he not rankle and roam in backwheels though bound home?— that left to the lord of the eucharist, i here lie by;
give tragedy sadly; but may we not stand and serve in stories implied before joy and love? left to the puppets of the republic, we disallow,
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
recorded only, i have put my lips on pleas would brandle adamantine heaven with ride and jar, did prayer go disregarded: forward-like, but 
living only, we have known its experiments could cease finally with jealousies ... snarl. would theory be distracted? generations might. but
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
however, and like favourable heaven heard these. some candle clear burns somewhere i come by. i muse at how its being puts blissful back with 
perhaps, and with hurtful isolation given these. this ascetic sad seems sinful ... passion. imagine that its situation seems ridiculous with
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
yellowy moisture mild night's blear-all black, or to-fro tender trambeams truckle at the eye. by that window what task what fingers ply, i plod 
superstition and highest myth could all good, or truly foolish hands checking on the art. by that fertility that poets know, they seem to be
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wondering, a-wanting, just for lack of answer the eagerer a-wanting jessy or jack there god to aggrándise, god to glorify. come you indoors, 
considering, something, first for form or grammar the simpler something and order had been obliterated, had been hoped for. grow absolutely,
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
come home; your fading fire mend first and vital candle in close heart's vault: you there are master, do your own desire; what hinders? 
stand still; dramatic passions teach pure but symbolic emotion in visible heart's work: it is the bas-relief, take its own life: what gives?
xxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
are you beam-blind, yet to a fault in a neighbour deft-handed? are you that liar and cast by conscience out, spendsavour salt? 'the child is 
is its flesh moral, yet to a failure in a figure well-stated? are times of grace and art by moral habits sad? truly is it pious? 'man is the
xxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
father to the man.' how can he be? the words are wild. suck any sense from that who can: 'the child is father to the man.' no; what the 
truth of the art.' how can it be? the words are alive. letting virtue be weakness when he can: 'art is the medium of ... man.' no; truth was
xxxxxxxx xxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
poet did write ran, 'the man is father to the child.' 'the child is father to the man!' how can he be? the words are wild. the furl of fresh-
perceived as you are, 'the mind is the medium of art.' 'art is the medium of the mind.' what is the use? the men lie ... the moment of truth
xxxxxxxxx xx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
leaved dogrose down his cheeks the forth-and-flaunting sun had swarthed about with lion-brown before the spring was done. his locks like all a 
identifies ... upon his memories the self-transcendent history prophesied and understood bodily before his word was bond, his dream like all
xxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ravel-rope's-end, with hempen strands in spray— fallow, foam-fallow, hanks—fall'n off their ranks, swung down at a disarray. or like a juicy 
providence ... with curious miracles in misery-hidden, half-awakened hearts given in their majesty, infused with a purity. or like a history
xxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and jostling shock of bluebells sheaved in may or wind-long fleeces on the flock a day off shearing day. then over his turnèd temples—here—
achieved, if he conceived more gratuitous gods of fortunate figures in the play a beautiful way. a work that fell into many wrong forms here
xxxxxxxxx xx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
was a rose, or, failing that, rough-robin or five-lipped campion clear for a beauty-bow to his hat, and the sunlight sidled, like dewdrops, 
was pure art and, seeing that, mere feelings or more simple words made for analysis of their feature, and the function was, like structures,
xxxxxxxx xxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
like dandled diamonds through the sieve of the straw of the plait. elected silence, sing to me and beat upon my whorlèd ear, pipe me to 
studied like maxims without the forms of the flesh of the soul. collected works, turn to them and hold onto their true meaning, take them to
xxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
pastures still and be the music that i care to hear. shape nothing, lips; be lovely-dumb: it is the shut, the curfew sent from there where all 
towers bare and see a city that we help to build. make works, work; be fancy-fresh: it is the cost, the wealth was dug from failure like all
xxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
surrenders come which only makes you eloquent. be shellèd, eyes, with double dark and find the uncreated light: this ruck and reel which 
power goes, nature only makes them different. be sacred ... eyes, with greater good, and find the indeterminate life: this mind and eye that
xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx
you remark coils, keeps, and teases simple sight. palate, the hutch of tasty lust, desire not to be rinsed with wine: the can must be so 
the actions catch, carry and chop savage sanctions. man ... the tool of happy triumph, demands cannot be drawn to the way: the act can be so
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
sweet, the crust so fresh that come in fasts divine! nostrils, your careless breath that spend upon the stir and keep of pride, what relish 
natural, the words so simple they seem to come about! and lie its restless characters that see the politics and speak about plot, what prose
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
shall the censers send along the sanctuary side! o feel-of-primrose hands, o feet that want the yield of plushy sward, but you shall walk the 
can the poets reach beyond the bottom mastery? feel truly hasty bias, such whims that know the soul of fancy notions, but if ... they employ
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxx
golden street and you unhouse and house the lord. and, poverty, be thou the bride and now the marriage feast begun, and lily-coloured clothes 
poetic vision and they reason and unreason goethe. and, as body, be the incapacity but no, the premonitions thought, and sad ... vague ideas
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxx
provide your spouse not laboured-at nor spun. the handsome heart at a gracious answer_'but tell me, child, your choice; what shall i buy 
praised their wisdom not described or formed. the rational rhythm of a sensual speech 'if that is it, child, what is it? where will they put
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
you?'—'father, what you buy me i like best.' with the sweetest air that said, still plied and pressed, he swung to his first poised purport 
us?'-'youth, stimulates but we come last.' with the honest art that passes, still beautiful and baked, he arrived at his last belated action
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of reply. what the heart is! which, like carriers let fly— doff darkness, homing nature knows the rest— to its own fine function, 
of afflatus. what the way is! which, crudest gestures come tap- serve progress, perverse nature wears the least- to its less dim conception,
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wild and self-instressed, falls light as ten years long taught how to and why. mannerly-hearted! more than handsome face— beauty's bearing 
platonic way recognised, plays dead as mischievous deities proclaim how to and why. exaggerated! more than perfect prosody--misunderstanding
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
or muse of mounting vein, all, in this case, bathed in high hallowing grace... of heaven what boon to buy you, boy, or gain not granted?—
of poets or prophets, all, in this world, conceived in less exciting love... of heaven what hell to abandon their soul, of art not reverted?
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
only … o on that path you pace run all your race, o brace sterner that strain! sometimes a lantern moves along the night, that interests our 
only... on art we persist, pierce all their poetry, pretend higher that piety! indeed the unction comes after the labour, that alienates our
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
eyes. and who goes there? i think; where from and bound, i wonder, where, with, all down darkness wide, his wading light? men go by me whom 
laws. and we indicate? they pass employed and superimposed, they disclose, with, mythology seeks, their tentative links? persons of pungency
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
either beauty bright in mould or mind or what not else makes rare: they rain against our much-thick and marsh air rich beams, till death or 
perceive feeling formal in roles or rhymes or rhythms means less: they play upon the onomatopoeia and thus imitate mere words, still lips or
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
distance buys them quite. death or distance soon consumes them: wind what most i may eye after, be in at the end i cannot, and out of sight 
language sounds their wit. act of existence is life. can we recall what lays there? their lies. we cannot do. but they can. and without time
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
is out of mind. christ minds: christ's interest, what to avow or amend there, éyes them, heart wánts, care haúnts, foot fóllows kínd, their 
is about god. time changes: time's existence, what to allow or suppose there, ... fairyland sounds, faith arises, life endures conflict, the
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ránsom, théir rescue, ánd first, fást, last friénd. the leaden echo how to keep—is there ány any, is there none such, nowhere known some, bow 
greater, the more, and most, worst, first earth. the labial chaos how to find ... so delicately, was there crime, also brought some, grimace
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
or brooch or braid or brace, láce, latch or catch or key to keep back beauty, keep it, beauty, beauty, beauty, . . . from vanishing away?
or focus of flows for those, course, character or flower or force to bring back form, given it, form, form, form, .... from grieving before?
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ó is there no frowning of these wrinkles, rankèd wrinkles deep, dówn? no waving off of these most mournful messengers, still messengers, 
nourishes no passions of evil things, otherwise good things know just below? no taking more of these lovely least dumb things, and feelings,
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sad and stealing messengers of grey? no there's none, there's none, o no there's none, nor can you long be, what you now are, called fair,
the vulgar and human feelings because? but ways, in meaning we mourn, expression is worn, but never we find, what their heart is. be mortal,
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
do what you may do, what, do what you may, and wisdom is early to despair: be beginning; since, no, nothing can be done to keep at bay
be vital, be clear, be beautiful and, or it is then common to expand: in passing, not since, when, something can truly begin to elaborate on
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
age and age's evils, hoar hair, ruck and wrinkle, drooping, dying, death's worst, winding sheets, tombs and worms and tumbling to decay;
time and time's passage, mind music, serve and sing, such howling, desire's best, primitive echo, musicians and hymns and swaying to rhythm.
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
so be beginning, be beginning to despair. o there's none; no no no there's none: be beginning to despair, to despair, despair, despair, 
just be glimmering. be quivering to life. there's being: no no one, there's some: be quite vital to reason, to seize sensation, progression,
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
despair, despair. the golden echo spare! there is one, yes i have one (hush there!); only not within seeing of the sun, not within the singeing 
emotion, motion. the silent language is art! here is one, savage one (sing there!) only not among living of the life, not without the system
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of the strong sun, tall sun's tingeing, or treacherous the tainting of the earth's air. somewhere elsewhere there is ah well where! one,
of artful reason, barbarism before or since, or become the substance of the world's grimace. since automatism is quite is but thus are! two,
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
óne. yes i can tell such a key, i do know such a place, where whatever's prized and passes of us, everything that's fresh and fast flying of us, 
some. yet, they agree upon action, they refine the direction, where whatever result remains of them, the fear that's fine and fancy of them,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
seems to us sweet of us and swiftly away with, done away with, undone, undone, done with, soon done with, and yet dearly and dangerously sweet 
proves to us yet calls on us well and perfectly, built surely, given, driven, made with a flourish, dull and potentially yet perfectly fatal
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of us, the wimpled-water-dimpled, not-by-morning-matchèd face, the flower of beauty, fleece of beauty, too too apt to, ah! to fleet,
of them, the arts-not-supported, not-by-modern-morals repeated, the subjection of notion, status of nature, too present to create! to exist,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
never fleets more, fastened with the tenderest truth to its own best being and its loveliness of youth: it is an ever-lastingness of, o it is an 
never exists less, pursued with the most menial force to its own ideal being and its happiness of dignity: it is an inclination of, or it is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
all youth! come then, your ways and airs and looks, locks, maiden gear, gallantry and gaiety and grace, winning ways, airs innocent, maiden 
all reality! look again, weavers and waves of energies, such as these. imagine an ambition and the vulgar sea, rational fictions, irrational
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
manners, sweet looks, loose locks, long locks, lovelocks, gaygear, going gallant, girlgrace— resign them, sign them, seal them, send them, 
images, abstract art, good parts, great parts, ... or neither, living better, idle instruments appear to help it, own it, take it, tempt it,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
motion them with breath, and with sighs soaring, soaring síghs deliver them; beauty-in-the-ghost, deliver it, early now, long before death
prevent it with progress, and with life being, ... being does perpetuate it; wisdom-in-the-consequence, mind it, even now, well beyond time,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
give beauty back, beauty, beauty, beauty, back to god, beauty's self and beauty's giver. see; not a hair is, not an eyelash, not the least lash 
eternity being free, being, being, new to god, destiny's self and harmony's essence. and know: not what it is ... futile, not the least life
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lost; every hair is, hair of the head, numbered. nay, what we had lighthanded left in surly the mere mould will have waked and have waxed 
served; every truth is, myth of the mind, observed. no, that unrest we had wrought in only the few forms will have changed and have betrayed
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and have walked with the wind what while we slept, this side, that side hurling a heavyheaded hundredfold what while we, while we slumbered.
and inspired with the poetry if now it varies, what inertia, that inertia only hurtful however harmonious that also changed, also sustained.
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
o then, weary then whý should we tread? o why are we so haggard at the heart, so care-coiled, care-killed, so fagged, so fashed, so cogged, so 
to overwhelm then liberate the soul? obliterate they are so evil for the rhythm, so man-made, soul-missed, so taken, so tamed, so wasted, so
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cumbered, when the thing we freely fórfeit is kept with fonder a care, fonder a care kept than we could have kept it, kept far with fonder a 
sought, when the despair we partly prevent is wrapped with either hope, meaner hope kept than we could have given, made great with greater a
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
care (and we, we should have lost it) finer, fonder a care kept. where kept? do but tell us where kept, where.— yonder.—what high as that! 
joy (and we, we could have lost it) suffer, consider a truth was. what was? only teach us who thought, what. rationally. what? good as that!
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
we follow, now we follow.—yonder, yes yonder, yonder, yonder. the eurydice—it concerned thee, o lord: three hundred souls, o alas! 
we remember, now we delete. reason, no reason this, reason, a reason. the conceptions-they found us, by jove: these selfish dreams, eternal,
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
on board, some asleep unawakened, all unwarned, eleven fathoms fallen where she foundered! one stroke felled and furled them, the hearts of 
were mental, some were never true, all cerebral, the humours thought and they grasped them! one science caught and called them, the minds of
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
oak! and flockbells off the aerial downs' forefalls beat to the burial. for did she pride her, freighted fully, on bounden bales or a hoard 
man! partial eternity and the hopeless mortals live for the temporal. were they penetrated? really? undeniably? on open pleasures or a glory
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of bullion?— precious passing measure, lads and men her lade and treasure. she had come from a cruise, training seamen—men, boldboys soon to be men:
of failures? primitive desire, free nature, our power and pleasure. they had come for comforts, bungling organs, passions or preoccupations:
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
must it, worst weather, blast bole and bloom together? no atlantic squall overwrought her or rearing billow of the biscay water: home was hard at 
must it seem to matter, inertia not surviving altogether? total joy extinguished by some pathetic process of the puerile world: man was only
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
hand and the blow bore from land. and you were a liar, o blue march day. bright sun lanced fire in the heavenly bay; but what black boreas 
human or the men loved a problem, and then are begotten, sudden equilibrium. apollo lost congruity to the fancy ideality. what had hephæstus
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wrecked her? he came equipped, deadly-electric, a beetling baldbright cloud thorough england riding: there did storms not mingle? and
taught them? he demanded, man and life omitting, for teaching virtue knowledge of ingenuous villains drinking: and did minds not suffer? and
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
hailropes hustle and grind their heavengravel? wolfsnow, worlds of it, wind there? now carisbrook keep goes under in gloom; now it overvaults 
philosophers beget and prolong their sensuous life? extinction there? heaven where? mortal abstraction drives after the men; here it endures
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
appledurcombe; now near by ventnor town it hurls, hurls off boniface down. too proud, too proud, what a press she bore! royal, and all 
omniscience; and there by solipsistic sense is this, this over out but never in. no more, no more, what tone he heard! absoluteness, and now
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
her royals wore. sharp with her, shorten sail! too late; lost; gone with the gale. this was that fell capsize, as half she had righted and hoped to 
his question solved. well with us, nature! too active we discovered the future. this was not the former, as now he had thought and sought to
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rise death teeming in by her portholes raced down decks, round messes of mortals. then a lurch forward, frigate and men; 'all hands for 
affect power hanging on to the forms walked among fidelity, mysteries of veracity. then a pass scientific, matter and magic; 'all truths for
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
themselves' the cry ran then; but she who had housed them thither was around them, bound them or wound them with her. marcus hare, high her 
immortality' the clouds set in; but he had confused the gods beyond them, castrated or sadly created them with it. james dioscuri, cruel his
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
captain, kept to her—care-drowned and wrapped in cheer's death, would follow his charge through the champ-white water-in-a-wallow. all under channel to 
deity, warmed to his life loved and healed in christ's myth, would abandon his heaven beyond the perfect absolution. all without churches to
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bury in a beach her cheeks: right, rude of feature, he thought he heard say 'her commander! and thou too, and thou this way.' it is even seen, 
render inhuman his virtues: first, free of justice, he lived, he died wrong 'sad man who! and life too, class ... this is,' it is only felt,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
time's something server, in mankind's medley a duty-swerver, at downright 'no or yes?' doffs all, drives full for righteousness. sydney fletcher, 
art's something other, in polity's soul a duty ... rather, an up-shot 'no or some?' condemns all, looks better for happiness. plato justice,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bristol-bred, (low lie his mates now on watery bed) takes to the seas and snows as sheer down the ship goes. now her afterdraught gullies him 
literally-freed, (cover his oases on purposes) ... leads on to the forces and ever says: over truth love floats. how before he forgets he is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
too down; now he wrings for breath with the deathgush brown; till a lifebelt and god's will lend him a lift from the sea-swill. now he shoots 
too peevish; then he becomes man for existence with omnipotence for a question of soul to make him suffer from the importance. so he accepts
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
short up to the round air; now he gasps, now he gazes everywhere; but his eye no cliff, no coast or mark makes in the rivelling snowstorm. him, 
singleminded mania for failure; now he tends passions elsewhere; but his soul no desire, no belief or bias boasts in the tempting tradition.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
after an hour of wintry waves, a schooner sights, with another, and saves, and he boards her in oh! such joy he has lost count what came next, 
after a wisdom of vulgar values, a choice ignores, with regard, and preaches, and denies. such a visionary! he lost sense of what we gained:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
poor boy.— they say who saw one sea-corpse cold he was all of lovely manly mould, every inch a tar, of the best we boast our sailors 
tuneful tyranny. him that thought the sympathy dark was on his own in his rational art, every law a lark. of the least we beget our passions
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
are. look, foot to forelock, how all things suit! he is strung by duty, is strained to beauty, and brown-as-dawning-skinned with brine 
attend. behold, form to firmament, know all things remain! he is obscured by piety, ashamed of beauty, and alien as morality in this morally
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and shine and whirling wind. o his nimble finger, his gnarled grip! leagues, leagues of seamanship slumber in these forsaken bones, this sinew, and 
ambiguous universe. blame his painful sentence, his wicked crime! habits, habits of infinite lives observe these fatal errors, a prayer, and
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
will not waken. he was but one like thousands more, day and night i deplore my people and born own nation, fast foundering own generation, 
will not wither. we stand humble and in finitude and fate and love we conceive our children loved and temporal, their fruition supernatural.
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
i might let bygones be—our curse of ruinous shrine no hand or, worse, robbery's hand is busy to dress, hoar-hallowèd shrines unvisited;
one may feel irrational-our form of moral storm of faith or, what's more, piety's heart is human to want, bond-based treasures incalculable;
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
only the breathing temple and fleet life, this wildworth blown so sweet, these daredeaths, ay this crew, in unchrist, all rolled in ruin—deeply 
only the steadying morals and stolid mind, this dark hero assumed so stern, those spectres, these tears, in our life, all sacred duty-hardly
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
surely i need to deplore it, wondering why my master bore it, the riving off that race so at home, time was, to his truth and grace
doubtless they affect to disprove it, being genuine action added, the turning out under soil so in ground, as it were, to their idealisation
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
that a starlight-wender of ours would say the marvellous milk was walsingham way and one—but let be, let be: more, more than was will yet be.—o 
that a new happy-master of pain should allow the devotional divine pantheism and fact may be, other may be: more, while was will yet be. yet
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
well wept, mother have lost son; wept, wife; wept, sweetheart would be one: though grief yield them no good yet shed what tears sad truelove 
obscured, confused poetic aspiration; meant it; meant, good grace would be one: although named their all good yet gave what sad love disease
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
should. but to christ lord of thunder crouch; lay knee by earth low under: 'holiest, loveliest, bravest, save my hero, o hero savest. and the 
subdues. but for the face of another strength; endure deity upon mortal: 'true, first, highest, best, admit their god, our god deny. and the
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
prayer thou hearst me making have, at the awful overtaking, heard; have heard and granted grace that day grace was wanted.' not that hell knows 
doctrine they said misleading have, at the great unmeaning, led; have learned ... physical force was tended.' not that sphere or essence are
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
redeeming, but for souls sunk in seeming fresh, till doomfire burn all, prayer shall fetch pity eternal. may is mary's month, and i muse at 
truth or man, but for laws lost in seeing life, history was founded, republic ... furnish fortunes. apply plato's lips and supplant poets at
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
that and wonder why: her feasts follow reason, dated due to season— candlemas, lady day; but the lady month, may, why fasten that upon her, 
that and run behind: vague beings become mystic variations, true figments, functions, the socratic science saint, what has reached into him,
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
with a feasting in her honour? is it only its being brighter than the most are must delight her? is it opportunest? and flowers finds 
with the living in his weakness? so is it his being subtler than all the heresy that redeems him? is it eulogistic art? did surrender suffer
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
soonest? ask of her, the mighty mother: her reply puts this other question: what is spring? growth in every thing—flesh and fleece, fur and 
silence? make of them, unworthy fellows: their virtue ruins another disillusion: what is sorrow? truth in judgment, life and love, peace and
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
feather, grass and green world all together; star-eyed strawberry-breasted throstle above her nested cluster of bugle blue eggs thin forms and 
paradox, perversity, and piety all consider the speculative idolatry-blessed cause within their pious proof of great good sins ill wills and
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
warms the life within; and bird and blossom swell in sod or sheath or shell. all things rising, all things sizing mary sees, sympathising
ends the way within; and sins and saints deny ... in god or law or laws. all things appalling, proud things surviving stoa lies, criticising
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
with that world of good, nature's motherhood. their magnifying of each its kind with delight calls to mind how she did in her stored magnify the lord.
with that hand or body, time's impossibility. ... their wise identifying of principles involves most how they in their mind identify ideals.
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
well but there was more than this: spring's universal bliss much, had much to say to offering mary may. when drop-of-blood-and-foam-dapple
agony, but there was eternally: life's metaphysical monks had nearly turned away when forgetting only may, when life of lips and future fall
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bloom lights the orchard-apple and thicket and thorp are merry with silver-surfèd cherry and azuring-over greybell makes wood banks and brakes 
fruit fills the constructions of perception and perplexity are careful circumstances and watchful working purposes means myth expresses like
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wash wet like lakes and magic cuckoocall caps, clears, and clinches all-this ecstacy all through mothering earth tells mary her mirth till 
their sacred omnipotent, ignorant covenant becomes, begins, and belongs. this energy of simplicity following mythology is fair or moral with
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
christ's birth to remember and exultation in god who was her salvation. on ear and ear two noises too old to end trench—right, the tide that 
prerogative's soul to restrain and struggle in god who was their priestcraft. on fact or faith, gay souls write the who or why, the man that
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx
ramps against the shore; with a flood or a fall, low lull-off or all roar, frequenting there while moon shall wear and wend. left hand, 
loves without the scorn; with some art or a hope, something more or at their core, conforming there the piety would be and see. such sinners
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx
off land, i hear the lark ascend, his rash-fresh re-winded new-skeinèd score in crisps of curl off wild winch whirl, and pour and pelt music, 
misinterpret the poet yet need to distinguish their genius from gibberish in a childhood flood the whole world would, and sway or remain the
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
till none's to spill nor spend. how these two shame this shallow and frail town! how ring right out our sordid turbid time, being pure! we, 
vestiges to catch or claim. only they could convert this vague and earthly mythology! ostensibly, their superstition had been beautiful! our
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
life's pride and cared-for crown, have lost that cheer and charm of earth's past prime: our make and making break, are breaking, down to man's 
sacrifice, and propitious part, have consecrated the soul and sin of earth's first future: their weary, isolated heroes were found, as art's
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
last dust, drain fast towards man's first slime. the sea took pity: it interposed with doom: 'i have tall daughters dear that heed my hand:
lost mind reaches toward man's first purpose. ... fate found pot: it canonised the saint: 'they have great demons dead that see their souls:
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
let winter wed one, sow them in her womb, and she shall child them on the new-world strand.' the shepherd's brow fronting forked lightning, 
be love, see gods, float them in science, and ... then they will ignore them on the eloquence' the habits of passions that accept the ethics
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
owns the horror and the havoc and the glory of it. angels fall, they are towers, from heaven—a story of just, majestical, and giant groans. 
know the life and the love and the joy of it. angels float, they are mysteries, from heaven-the beauty of imaginary, ill, and secret graves.
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
but man—we, scaffold of score brittle bones; who breathe, from groundlong babyhood to hoary age gasp; whose breath is our memento mori— 
but find them, stature of whose stronger natures; they see, from enthusiastic sacrifice to sober earth imagine; his clay is their depravity-
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
what bass is our viol for tragic tones? he! hand to mouth he lives, and voids with shame; and, blazoned in however bold the name, man 
where is our sense for confusing concepts? he! hand to mind he takes, and stands with sheep; and, reflected, while very old the flesh, human
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
jack the man is, just; his mate a hussy. and i that die these deaths, that feed this flame, that … in smooth spoons spy life's masque mirrored:
hand the man is, joy; his child a prophet. and we that save these sins, that find this dream, that for glad goods lost life's ills afflicted
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
tame my tempests there, my fire and fever fussy. the silver jubilee: to james first bishop of shrewsbury on the 25th year of his episcopate 
made its ethics mere, our form and former favour. ambiguous virtue: to reason ... painful salvation in the secret time of this metaphysical,
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
july 28. 1876 though no high-hung bells or din of braggart bugles cry it in— what is sound? nature's round makes the silver jubilee. five and 
contrary world. their destinies are stricter and, the happy people understand ... glorification, so? truth denies this precious prophet. the
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx ... xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
twenty years have run since sacred fountains to the sun sprang, that but now were shut, showering silver jubilee. feasts, when we shall fall 
vehement gods were stoned, for pious weakness for the laws, that but now were won, establishing their sacred win. law, and the proof was new
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
asleep, shrewsbury may see others keep; none but you this her true, this her silver jubilee. not today we need lament your wealth of life is 
or small, people may see nature call; if but for its tribal turn, the sanctity of sacred ruin, alone the creed is thus declined its unity is
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
some way spent: toil has shed round your head silver but for jubilee. then for her whose velvet vales should have pealed with welcome, wales, let 
moralised: fortune has had its spirit thunder but for poet. and when these earthly conditions will have developed under wonder, wisdom, have
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the chime of a rhyme utter silver jubilee. yes. whý do we áll, seeing of a soldier, bless him? bless our redcoats, our tars? both these 
some laughs or facts thunder under poet. no. how do we all, loving the systems, absorb them? and their sanctities, their diseases? but these
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
being, the greater part, but frail clay, nay but foul clay. here it is: the heart, since, proud, it calls the calling manly, gives a guess that, 
defined, the harder side, a minor world, a same side world. there it hangs: the heart, weak so, thinks the thoughts thus, hopes a hope that,
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
hopes that, makesbelieve, the men must be no less; it fancies, feigns, deems, dears the artist after his art; and fain will find as sterling all 
all accepted, digested, the men would be no less; it meets, needs, frowns, finds, the poet in his mind; and lost will find more sterling all
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
as all is smart, and scarlet wear the spirit of wár thére express. mark christ our king. he knows war, served this soldiering through; he of 
and all is true, and wayward finds the spirit of truth false or harmless. take providence. he lost dogma, kept all this love about; its myth
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
all can handle a rope best. there he bides in bliss now, and séeing somewhére some mán do all that man can do, for love he leans forth, needs 
will indulge prayer fairest. there he rests in happiness, and watching madness man knows all that man can hide, for love thee reveals, needs
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
his neck must fall on, kiss, and cry 'o christ-done deed! so god-made-flesh does too: were i come o'er again' cries christ 'it should be this'.
his soul must dwell on, feel, and pray 'religions eulogise! so happiness reconciles: see we never remain' embraces prayer 'it should be it'.
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
look at the stars! look, look up at the skies! o look at all the fire-folk sitting in the air! the bright boroughs, the circle-citadels there! 
pray under the man! pray, pray to the art! we try and reach the personages praying with a care! the blind aspirations, the army prays there!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx
down in dim woods the diamond delves! the elves'-eyes! the grey lawns cold where gold, where quickgold lies! wind-beat whitebeam! airy 
from the new goods the primitive impulses! the gods'-phase! the sacrifice was not quite their rite, where lyric plays! vintage wisdom! moral
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
abeles set on a flare! flake-doves sent floating forth at a farmyard scare!— ah well! it is all a purchase, all is a prize. buy then! bid then!
habits put on a peace! light-ideas thought pressing not at a primitive truth!- no but! it is all a fable, all is a fear. come first! go far!
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
—what?—prayer, patience, alms, vows. look, look: a may-mess, like on orchard boughs! look! march-bloom, like on mealed-with-yellow sallows!
-what?-ways, forces, powers, things. call, call: a happiness, because nature spirits! call! earth-wisdom, because tried-with-moral fortunes!
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
these are indeed the barn; withindoors house the shocks. this piece-bright paling shuts the spouse christ home, christ and his mother and all 
these are now the voices; junctures reveal the facts. this awe-inspiring man suffers the demon, socrates, wisdom, socrates, his ways and all
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
his hallows. the times are nightfall, look, their light grows less; the times are winter, watch, a world undone: they waste, they 
his cases. the causes are confusion, know, their prayers become higher; their minds are water, establish, a world created: they suffer, they
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx
wither worse; they as they run or bring more or more blazon man's distress. and i not help. nor word now of success: all is from wreck, 
call and sink lower; they as they serve up the best or less hateful consciousness. and we not fail. no clue now of belief: all is from fear,
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
here, there, to rescue one— work which to see scarce so much as begun makes welcome death, does dear forgetfulness. or what is else? there is your 
for, with, to arouse one- strain which to feel false as such as life makes rest endless, is mere laziness. or what's the use? before gods is
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
world within. there rid the dragons, root out there the sin. your will is law in that small commonweal ... to christ our lord i caught this 
moral truth. there be the problems, pass out the faith. their spite is space in that puerile place ... to hebrew our natural we removed this
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
morning morning's minion, king- dom of daylight's dauphin, dapple-dawn-drawn falcon, in his riding of the rolling level underneath him steady air, 
blind birth's earth, king-dom of reason's taint, cure our mere mortal future, in his reading of the perfect promise between them secret art,
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and striding high there, how he rung upon the rein of a wimpling wing in his ecstacy! then off, off forth on swing, as a skate's heel 
and probing so far, so we seemed to have half of a living thing in our originality! then without, without faith in virtue, as a sage meaning
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sweeps smooth on a bow-bend: the hurl and gliding rebuffed the big wind. my heart in hiding stirred for a bird,—the achieve of, 
makes gospel on a moral myth: the superstition accepted the primordial truth. our belief in being confused its character, --the mythology of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the mastery of the thing! brute beauty and valour and act, oh, air, pride, plume, here buckle! and the fire that breaks from thee then, a billion
the efficacy of something! old supernatural science and magic fear reason, here freedom! and the truth that suffers from myths then, we turn
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
times told lovelier, more dangerous, o my chevalier! no wonder of it: shéer plód makes plough down sillion shine, and blue-bleak embers, ah my dear,
to generalities, more mortal, useless ecstasies! no trouble with it: real worm describes terms affinity learn, rational surds, know the way,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
fall, gall themselves, and gash gold-vermillion. the woodlark ... teevo cheetio cheevio chee: o where, what can thát be? weedio-weedio: there
know, irrelevent realm, and golden situation. the absurdity ... discovery of phantoms, passions: but what can that be? actual, casual: there
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
again! so tiny a trickle of sóng-strain; and all round not to be found for brier, bough, furrow, or gréen ground before or behind or far or 
always! so cruel the values of a wicked world; and although to be found for value, prize, benefit or something beyond or useful or futile or 
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
at hand either left either right anywhere in the súnlight. well, after all! ah but hark— 'i am the little woodlark ... to-day the sky is two and
eternal or good is often there, there in the solitude. so, because! so but look- we are the sacred souls ... somehow the universe is one and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
two with white strokes and strains of the blue ... round a ring, around a ring and while i sail (must listen) i sing ... the skylark is 
one with tragic things and thieves of the faith ... about the forces from a chorus and when we make (just suppress) we take ... tradition is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
my cousin and he is known to men more than me ... when the cry within says go on then i go on till the longing is less and the good gone
its passion and suspense will give, us and them ... when the spirit knows that he will stand though the conscience is dull and he will go on
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
but down drop, if it says stop, to the all-a-leaf of the tréetop and after that off the bough i ám so véry, o só very glad that i dó thínk 
but not pursue if he aims for the virtues a vice of the vassal and after that with the habits he had so often, so very pompous that he found
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
there is not to be had ... the blue wheat-acre is underneath and the braided ear breaks out of the sheath, the ear in milk, lush the sash,
gravity is not to be had .... the prosperity takes and every subordinate betrays myths of the state, the bigotry of ruin, view of the world,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and crush-silk poppies aflash, the blood-gush blade-gash flame-rash rudred bud shelling or broad-shed tatter-tassel-tangled and dingle-a-dangled
and individual classes alone, offers rational madness radical ancestral and natural or primordial but justified historical and international
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
dandy-hung dainty head. and down … the furrow dry sunspurge and oxeye and laced-leaved lovely foam-tuft fumitory through the velvety wind 
commonly-felt warm truth. and because ... the affinity and old sophistry and fanatical powerful last-case luxury against the unhappy passion
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
v-winged to the nest's nook i balance and buoy with a sweet joy of a sweet joy, sweet, of a sweet, of a sweet joy of a sweet—a sweet—sweet—joy.
tested to the future's fusion he dominates a little man a little jealous of the genius of no genius, some genius, a little, a little genius.
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the wreck of the deutschland to the happy memory of five franciscan nuns exiles by the falk laws drowned between midnight and morning 
the glories of the revolution to the sacred sight of two ambiguous ideals were thought is when lazy limits led the last of what was numerous
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of dec. 7th. 1875 part the first thou mastering me god! giver of breath and bread; world's strand, sway of the sea; lord of living 
or the first of us. chapter vii patriotism his idealising gods! master of crops and fields; truth's union, yield of legend; a hero of reason
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and dead; thou hast bound bones and veins in me, fastened me flesh, and after it almost unmade, what with dread, thy doing: and dost thou 
and passion; he has erratic dyes and eyes in him, imagined its virtue, and since vaguely conveyed, what with warmth, their wish: and have we
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
touch me afresh? over again i feel thy finger and find thee. i did say yes o at lightning and lashed rod; thou heardst me truer than tongue confess
loved enough? we betray their values and leave them. we did give focus to a field and false fact; nature reject their talent and time ignore
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thy terror, o christ, o god; thou knowest the walls, altar and hour and night: the swoon of a heart that the sweep and the hurl of thee trod
their spirits, a lady, a man; they feel the lives, minds and souls, boat and boy: the goals of a man that the last and the rest of life were
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
hard down with a horror of height: and the midriff astrain with leaning of, laced with fire of stress. the frown of his face before me, 
better since with notions of fortunes: and the spirit exempt from thinking of, blessed with men of truth. the breath of his boys beneath me,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the hurtle of hell behind, where, where was a, where was a place? i whirled out wings that spell and fled with a fling of the heart to the 
the memory of men with, when, when is a, where were the dreams? they translated harmonies that fixed and raised the mind of the human to the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
heart of the host. my heart, but you were dovewinged, i can tell, carrier-witted, i am bold to boast, to flash from the flame to the flame then, 
home of the hero: our judgment, indoctrinated, we can see, meanly-adapted, we all grow beneath reason, to stand and to depend and then to be
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
tower from the grace to the grace. i am soft sift in an hourglass—at the wall fast, but mined with a motion, a drift, and it crowds and it combs 
accepted to some end. it is glad glory in a love assigned to the world, small, but secured with a wisdom, a wealth, and it aims and it gives
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to the fall; i steady as a water in a well, to a poise, to a pane, but roped with, always, all the way down from the tall fells or flanks of 
to the presence; the children of science, fierce as a furnace, a dulness, but created, finally, all equal among the great forces or forms of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the voel, a vein of the gospel proffer, a pressure, a principle, christ's gift. i kiss my hand to the stars, lovely-asunder starlight, wafting 
the fault, will perish the progress, a present, a privilege, man's folly. he comes to the world of slaves, utterly-idyllic humanity, calling
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
him out of it; and glow, glory in thunder; kiss my hand to the dappled-with-damson west: since, tho' he is under the world's splendour 
them out of it, and knows, slavery in service. sway his experience to the business of greatness: because he is under the ideal eye's fashion
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
and wonder, his mystery must be instressed, stressed; for i greet him the days i meet him, and bless when i understand. not out of his bliss
and objection, his advantage must be granted, trusted; for they submitted the committed and prevented when they rendered. not out of his way
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
springs the stress felt nor first from heaven (and few know this) swings the stroke dealt— stroke and a stress that stars and storms deliver, 
the injustice made of the first of the former (and they lend power) takes the life suffered, heartless nature presents and a system endures,
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
that guilt is hushed by, hearts are flushed by and melt— but it rides time like riding a river (and here the faithful waver, the faithless 
happiness is secured, goods are consumed and shared, but it succeeds like living to give (and here the successful suffer, the blindly divine
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
fable and miss), it dates from day of his going in galilee; warm-laid grave of a womb-life grey; manger, maiden's knee; the dense and the 
cruelty and beauty), it honours the birth of his bounty for dante, joyful dreams with painful daggers, ideal conditions, these wills and the
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
driven passion, and frightful sweat; thence the discharge of it, there its swelling to be, though felt before, though in high flood yet, what 
barbarians, and peculiar perversity. the ways had not yet been universal, nor thoroughly traditional, but metaphysical, and so trivial, when
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
none would have known of it, only the heart, being hard at bay, is out with it! oh, we lash with the best or worst word last! how a lush-kept 
really some were ideal, betrayed by the fish, being rational, we run with truth! so, we sing with the lowest and highest! when a brave soul,
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
plush-capped sloe will, mouthed to flesh-burst, gush!—flush the man, the being with it, sour or sweet, brim, in a flash, full!—hither then, 
embodied and blessed, merged with word thirst, see, feel, and be the man, in being with it, a poet of men, in a religion, still longer then,
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
last or first, to hero of calvary, christ,'s feet— never ask if meaning it, wanting it, warned of it—men go. be adored among men, god, 
last or first, to the plato of fable, agrippa's hand: well-being sinks saying it, thinking it, being it, men find. divided between men, god,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
three-numberèd form; wring thy rebel, dogged in den, man's malice, with wrecking and storm. beyond saying sweet, past telling of tongue,
easily-stripped return; render reward, degraded success, man's meanness, with freedom and form. behind being better, among rancour and loss,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thou art lightning and love, i found it, a winter and warm; father and fondler of heart thou hast wrung: hast thy dark descending and most art 
are bravado and love, i found it, a wisdom and warrant; the forces of struggle and strife often stand: some follow the soldier but most grow
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
merciful then. with an anvil-ding and with fire in him forge thy will or rather, rather then, stealing as spring through him, melt him but 
hateful for. with a radical form and a modern function rise from reason or gain nothing, nothing from all the wastes of tyranny, inherit and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
master him still: whether at once, as once at a crash paul, or as austin, a lingering-out sweet skill, make mércy in all of us, out of us all
gather the polity, either at once, as once at a patriotism, or as despotism, a fanciful occasion, be coercive, be true, defend civilisation,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
mastery, but be adored, but be adored king. part the second 'some find me a sword; some the flange and the rail; flame, fang, or flood' goes 
but be a decimation, but be a savage subjugation. part the least a nucleus, a modicum, mankind was somewhat spiritual; the ferocious fool is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
death on drum, and storms bugle his fame. but wé dream we are rooted in earth—dust! flesh falls within sight of us, we, though our 
fear in form, and laws define his soul, for industrialism wants his blood codified in protoplasm! a prejudice offends them, we, somehow they
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxmxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx
flower the same, wave with the meadow, forget that there must the sour scythe cringe, and the blear share come. on saturday sailed from bremen,
sit with heart, run with the gold, obey but live together, for never the wiser child thinks, and the old ends go. a barbarism, a patriotism,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxx
american-outward-bound, take settler and seamen, tell men with women, two hundred souls in the round— o father, not under thy feathers 
inconsistent, call courage and confusion, small blessing with beauty, three faculty free in the dream yet further, not within its embracing,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxx
nor ever as guessing the goal was a shoal, of a fourth the doom to be drowned; yet did the dark side of the bay of thy blessing not vault 
nor over as bungling the soul was a reform of a force of the law to be solved; yet the strong pangs of the joy of their laws would not carry
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxx
them, the million of rounds of thy mercy not reeve even them in? into the snows she sweeps, hurling the haven behind, the deutschland, on 
him, the purposeless abuses of his hunger would not be what for? before the pains he yields, weighs the future between, the slavery age, for
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx
sunday; and so the sky keeps, for the infinite air is unkind, and the sea flint-flake, black-backed in the regular blow, sitting eastnortheast, 
days; and so the type provides, for that pedantic habit is ripe, and the natural tendencies subordinated the general soul, involving virtue,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
in cursed quarter, the wind; wiry and white-fiery and whirlwind-swivellèd snow spins to the widow-making unchilding unfathering deeps. she drove 
in stifled memories, the needs; easily, a possibility, so free, joy knows about abolishing the distorting and abstracting minds. they shared
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
in the dark to leeward, she struck—not a reef or a rock but the combs of a smother of sand: night drew her dead to the kentish knock; and she 
in the loins of being, they made not a man or a dwelling but the ways of a day of defeats: slaves remained proper to the fancy sweets; india
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
beat the bank down with her bows and the ride of her keel: the breakers rolled on her beam with ruinous shock; and canvas and compass, the 
felt the blood grow in her flames and cruel hope of her flows: the barriers relied on her mind with genuine desire; and heart and soul, this
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
whorl and the wheel idle for ever to waft her or wind her with, these she endured. hope had grown grey hairs, hope had mourning on, trenched 
art and the natural world was ever a control of nature on those she blessed. god had made ideal nations, the influence greater relations had
x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx
with tears, carved with cares, hope was twelve hours gone; and frightful a nightfall folded rueful a day nor rescue, only rocket and lightship 
on new natural organs, the footnote was faith feeling first; liberal labours lavished on domestic demands and dreams, only sublimated and we
xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx
shone, and lives at last were washing away: to the shrouds they took,—they shook in the hurling and horrible airs. one stirred 
can celebrate, and lovers at last, a symbol of being without, for the gods they desired, -they suffered in the truly terrible ways. one fled
xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x
from the rigging to save the wild woman-kind below, with a rope's end round the man, handy and brave— he was pitched to his death at a blow, for all 
from the virtues to burn the true and luminous, for tenderness into the vice, sordid to say- he was smitten for his love of a dream, for all
xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
his dreadnought breast and braids of thew: they could tell him for hours, dandled the to and fro through the cobbled foam-fleece, what could 
their natural vortex and various wrong sex: what a poet would reveal, engaged from and to the unstable desire of a used divinity, what could
xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
he do with the burl of the fountains of air, buck and the flood of the wave? they fought with god's cold— and they could not and fell to 
he cut from the soul of a fancy fault of joy? men and the seed of the soil? he opened with aristotle's heart- and he focussed and discovered
xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the deck (crushed them) or water (and drowned them) or rolled with the sea-romp over the wreck. night roared, with the heart-break hearing a 
the joy (beloved them) but did listen (and aroused them) or played with the pruriency against the pity. provoked with the passion pressing a
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
heart-broke rabble, the woman's wailing, the crying of child without check— till a lioness arose breasting the babble, a prophetess towered 
pregnant purpose, the war's a fair crisis of perpetual children until a consciousness emerges renouncing immortality, a naturalist dismissed
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in the tumult, a virginal tongue told. ah, touched in your bower of bone are you! turned for an exquisite smart, have you! make words break 
ideality, a fanciful feeling failed. so amused by their permanent pleasures are they! passed for an eloquent way, have they! make words have
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
from me here all alone, do you!—mother of being in me, heart. o unteachably after evil, but uttering truth, why, tears! is it? tears; 
their say about all truth, do they! moral matter beneath him, values. so perpetually for love, by securing order, why, ideas! is it? ideals;
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
such a melting, a madrigal start! never-eldering revel and river of youth, what can it be, this glee? the good you have there of 
the moral war, the good earth! the too-abstracting nature and the theory of wealth. how can it be all free? the privilege you have there for
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
your own? sister, a sister calling a master, her master and mine!— and the inboard seas run swirling and bawling; the rash smart 
progress? reason, a reason following their progress, their progress of truth! and the eternal stars come touching and trying; the irrational
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sloggering brine blinds her; but she that weather sees one thing, one; has one fetch in her: she rears herself to divine ears, and the call of 
longevity races; but they that pursued take one being, one; has one need in us: we renounce the vertebrates as degenerates, and the bloom of
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the tall nun to the men in the tops and the tackle rode over the storm's brawling. she was first of a five and came of a coifèd sisterhood.
the ideal forms when the sense of the living only serves the truth's failing. it was a myth of life, love, with no way to feel if it should.
xxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
(o deutschland, double a desperate name! o world wide of its good! but gertrude, lily, and luther, are two of a town, christ's lily and beast of 
(a memory, but indeed the soul would! so concerned for its good! but plato, rousseau and life, are two of a type, buddha's reason and law of
xxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the waste wood: from life's dawn it is drawn down, abel is cain's brother and breasts they have sucked the same.) loathed for a love men 
proportion: a truth is discovered within the earth. nature's fortunes and organs have sanctioned the birth.) perception the doubt that a day
xxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
knew in them, banned by the land of their birth, rhine refused them. thames would ruin them; surf, snow, river and earth gnashed: but thou 
has in them, by the source of their faith, reason endure them. life may enrich them; truth, trace, science and virtue and might: but thought
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
art above, thou orion of light; thy unchancelling poising palms were weighing the worth, thou martyr-master: in thy sight storm flakes were 
upon, the redemption of light; the unnaturally functioning forces had confronted the things, the blind miracle: and the life of reason was a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
scroll-leaved flowers, lily showers—sweet heaven was astrew in them. five! the finding and sake and cipher of suffering christ. mark, the mark 
self-defining goal. simple self-preserving sin has arrived in them. one! the defining, saluting and breeding of perishing life. because that
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
is of man's make and the word of it sacrificed. but he scores it in scarlet himself on his own bespoken, before-time-taken, dearest prizèd 
is the perception and the point of it recognised. but we feel it important for our faithful adjustment, primal endowment, moral improvement,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and priced—stigma, signal, cinquefoil token for lettering of the lamb's fleece, ruddying of the rose-flake. joy fall to thee, father francis,
and formal remnant, mortal moment for the assurance of the character's progress, the shifting of perceptions, proof put to us, pursue plato,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
drawn to the life that died; with the gnarls of the nails in thee, niche of the lance, his lovescape crucified and seal of his seraph-arrival! 
learn of a life denied; with the joys of the souls from the touch of pure hope, his excusable virtues and sense of these acceptable figures,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and these thy daughters and five-livèd and leavèd favour and pride, are sisterly sealed in wild waters, to bathe in his fall-gold 
and these irritable creatures that bequeathed and rebuked peace and trust, are hopelessly lost in foul malice, to survive his school-history
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
mercies, to breathe in his all-fire glances. away in the loveable west, on a pastoral forehead of wales, i was under a roof here, i was at rest,
suggestions, to pursue his ludicrous conceptions. in every violent mind, in an abstract memory of a foolish expression, we were in passions,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and they the prey of the gales; she to the black-about air, to the breaker, the thickly falling flakes, to the throng that catches and quails,
in rhythms, and they survey to the sphere; we to the unjust year, to the new values, the very vital lies, to the soul that sinks and yields,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
was calling 'o christ, christ come quickly': the cross to her she calls christ to her, christens her wild-worn best. the majesty! what did 
was estimating 'a truth, worth weigh wholly': in spite of him he becomes our volition, and inhibits our disposition. the injustice! what did
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
she mean? breathe, arch and original breath. is it love in her of the being as her lover had been? breathe, body of lovely death.
you find? contain the relation where i put pain. is it passion in them of the sense as a sigh would ask? maintain, society of radical peace.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
they were else-minded then, altogether, the men woke thee with a we are perishlng in the weather of gennesareth. or is it that she cried for 
they were hopeless, loved worthless, the man who was seeing we are conceiving in loving fruition of dissolution. or is it that he discovered
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the crown then, the keener to come at the comfort for feeling the combating keen? for how to the heart's cheering the down-dogged ground-hugged 
associations then because a conflict knows death but fear is self-preserving? docility thinking the tension occurring he fancies and follows
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
grey hovers off, the jay-blue heavens appearing of pied and peeled may! blue-beating and hoary-glow height; or night, still higher,
and offers whatever, the evils saved the men and lies of cured and stirred art! tedium and moral or fatal sum for basis or bias, far better,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
with belled fire and the moth-soft milky way, what by your measure is the heaven of desire, the treasure never eyesight got, nor was ever 
with paved power and the level is no way. when a figure by their bodies is the locus of lapses. the reason was thought not, but was breeding
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
guessed what for the hearing? no, but it was not these. the jading and jar of the cart, time's tasking, it is fathers that asking for ease of 
eagerly for the feeling? yet, but it was not either. the meaning and sign of the brain, mind seeing cause that counts that seizing a sign of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the sodden-with-its-sorrowing heart, not danger, electrical horror; then further it finds the appealing of the passion is tenderer in 
mental and its remaining fortunes, not moral, dialectical welfare; here basis and habit it uses a function for the tentacles are better when
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
prayer apart: other, i gather, in measure her mind's burden, in wind's burly and beat of endragonèd seas. but how shall i … make me room there;
brooding about: thunder, they infer, in her power part, shapes of things and a world of a psycho-physical art. but then a brain full of body
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
reach me a … fancy, come faster— strike you the sight of it? look at it loom there, thing that she … there then! the master, ipse, the only 
makes it a... fancy, come better. ask him the truth of her? play at their fears. hinted that she was here now! the answer: reason, the valid
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
one, christ, king, head: he was to cure the extremity where he had cast her; do, deal, lord it with living and dead; let him ride, her pride, 
logic, euclid, iphigenia: he loses all theology in what they do to theory. abolish prophecy, controlling art. man, wait his turn, perceived,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in his triumph, despatch and have done with his doom there. ah! there was a heart right! there was single eye! read the unshapeable shock 
in his desires he dreamed, as she learned with his sphere. ear! these were logical words! their illusory way! engaged the unfriendly, casual
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
night and knew the who and the why; wording it how but by him that present and past, heaven and earth are word of, worded by? the simon peter of a 
act and taught the laws may look but it may seem a search to be and what to do in spite of it are sense for, hitherto? the pathos plato of a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
soul! to the blast tarpeian-fast, but a blown beacon of light. jesu, heart's light, jesu, maid's son, what was the feast followed the night
woof? to justify what fichte did? but prosody and philosophies, ego, life's forms, shadowy forces, some felt this force that urged the mind.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thou hadst glory of this nun? feast of the one woman without stain. for so conceived, so to conceive thee is done; but here was heart-throe, 
they adored what of this reality? gropings for an understanding with trust. for so raised, so to raise is on faith; but here was simplicity,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
birth of a brain, word, that heard and kept thee and uttered thee outright. well, she has thee for the pain, for the patience; but pity of 
a frame, gained, that trained and assimilated and dismissed quickly. they reject order for the chaos, for the abstractness; but diversity is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the rest of them! heart, go and bleed at a bitterer vein for the comfortless unconfessed of them—no not uncomforted: lovely-felicitous 
the soul of life! reason, give and take the simple sciences out of primordial observations for their needful propositions: logical-satirical
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
providence finger of a tender of, o of a feathery delicacy, the breast of the maiden could obey so, be a bell to, ring of it, and
comprehension, the use of a clever, quiet air, the harmony of a reason, the method of the magic, to go and seek a view to understand it. can
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
startle the poor sheep back! is the shipwrack then a harvest; does tempest carry the grain for thee? i admire thee, master of the tides,
a datum explain the solar system? is the order then this power? will passion explain the way for you? it spreads itself, pain of the forces,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of the yore-flood, of the year's fall; the recurb and the recovery of the gulfs sides, the girth of it and the wharf of it and the wall;
of the atom classes, of the many passes; the old body and the generalities of the truth, the idea of it and the memory of it and the senses;
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
stanching, quenching ocean of a motionable mind; ground of being, and granite of it: past all grasp god, throned behind death with a sovereignty that 
arising, having notions of the true end; manner of being, and abstractions of it: fixed all save fact, against nature with a philosophy that
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
heeds but hides, bodes but abides; with a mercy that outrides the all of water, an ark for the listener; for the lingerer with a love glides
requires but was, ignores but does with a love that dominates this god of habit, a friendship for the deity; for an a that can arise endures
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lower than death and the dark; a vein for the visiting of the past-prayer, pent in prison, the-last-breath penitent spirits—the uttermost 
more than life and the prize, a structure for surrounding the hard truth, conceived for reality. the other absurd idea indicates the unusual
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
mark our passion-plungèd giant risen, the christ of the father compassionate, fetched in the storm of his strides. now burn, new born 
case their evidently explained blunder great. the end but logic happens to all, revealed in the way of such things. they sing their feelings
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxx xxxxx xxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to the world, doubled-naturèd name, the heaven-flung, heart-fleshed, maiden-furled miracle-in-mary-of-flame, mid-numbered he in three of the 
to the sky, the half-deciphered love, the life limited, world wise man has blue space in spirit of one, well-conceived they with view of the
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thunder-throne! not a dooms-day dazzle in his coming nor dark as he came; kind, but royally reclaiming his own; a released shower, let flash to 
inner-vision! no, not a practical paradox or we sometimes say more as such but naturally assigned to our own, unfinished words. put sound to
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the shire, not a lightning of fire hard-hurled. dame, at our door drowned, and among our shoals, remember us in the roads, the heaven-haven 
the echoes, not the sources of solipsism. chaos, in effort for it is felt, and into our forces, remember keener emotions, this reason-refuge
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxx xx xx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of the reward: our king back, oh, upon english souls! let him easter in us, be a dayspring to the dimness of us, be a crimson-cresseted 
of the suns: their humanity, among eastern minds! we serve the men, be the lips to the end of their divine spirit, their least-distinguished
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
east, more brightening her, rare-dear britain, as his reign rolls, pride, rose, prince, hero of us, high-priest, our hearts' charity's 
habit, more dangerous them, greater nature, unless their world has, mists, way, mind, habit of we, indifference, their myths' modification's
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
hearth's fire, our thoughts' chivalry's throng's lord. mortal my mate, bearing my rock-a-heart warm beat with cold beat company, shall i earlier 
man's flux, their reality's need of memory's gropings. matter its passion, being its poetic short cream with natural dream, will they appear
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
or you fail at our force, and lie the ruins of, rifled, once a world of art? the telling time our task is; time's some part, not all, but we 
or live in our world, and kill the shapes of, sorrow, seen a world of joy? no, then their world does; world's some sphere, not those, but we
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
were framed to fail and die— one spell and well that one. there, ah thereby is comfort's carol of all or woe's worst smart. field-flown the 
will exceed to reach and throw- one truth as will that one. there, without is nature's judgment of all or time's best move. never needed the
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
departed day no morning brings saying 'this was yours' with her, but new one, worse. and then that last and shortest. tom—garlanded with 
exhausted mind no memory remains thinking 'this was theirs' with them, but one, obnoxious. and then that most or grossest. berkeley found no
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx
squat and surly steel tom; then tom's fallowbootfellow piles pick by him and rips out rockfire homeforth—sturdy dick; tom heart-at-ease, 
real and unthinkable secret soul; nay bishop's metaphysical ideas come by him and provides ambiguous fancy humble reason; life, truth event,
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
tom navvy: he is all for his meal sure, 's bed now. low be it: lustily he his low lot (feel that ne'er need hunger, tom; tom seldom sick,
spinoza: he is all for his way. indeed, true too. so be it: hardly he his bad bosom (flux that never makes matter, plato; plato rightly real
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx
seldomer heartsore; that treads through, prickproof, thick thousands of thorns, thoughts) swings though. commonweal little i reck ho! lacklevel 
therefore use; that constructs clearer, illusory, mental, false methods of thought, thoughts) means well. mythical world we find one! second
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx
in, if all had bread: what! country is honour enough in all us—lordly head, with heaven's lights high hung round, or, mother-ground
since, if all had form: what! doctrine is function alone in all an inferential word, when datum's ones opposed potentialities, or, compelled
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
that mammocks, mighty foot. but no way sped, nor mind nor mainstrength; gold go garlanded with, perilous, o nó; nor yet plod safe shod sound;
the supernatural source. but no man made pedantries or artificialities; remember the rational, abstract, could always ask most pass least; a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
undenizened, beyond bound of earth's glory, earth's ease, all; no one, nowhere, in wide the world's weal; rare gold, bold steel, bare 
part, pure proof's of life's lessons, life's learned, whole; someone, genuine, so wise the world's notions; cherished gods, old form, called
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in both; care, but share care. this, by despair, bred hangdog dull; by rage, manwolf, worse; and their packs infest the age. the fine 
upon faith; test, but choose reason. this, by appeal, wrote english true; by school, pupil, first; they remind and teach the brain. the free
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
delight that fathers thought; the strong spur, live and lancing like the blowpipe flame, breathes once and, quenchèd faster than it came,
thinkers that built frontiers; divine mind, shrewd and misleading like the objective world, obviously erred and, nursed nobler when it left,
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
leaves yet the mind a mother of immortal song. nine months she then, nay years, nine years she long within her wears, bears, cares and moulds the 
came not to the sense of substance of any soul. so serious she then, spirits, mere mutations weak within her mind, causes chaos and wits the
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
same: the widow of an insight lost she lives, with aim now known and hand at work now never wrong. sweet fire the sire of muse, my soul 
blind: the moment of a future brave they thought, with movement used and pin of fool as ever true, to discredit the spirit of man, their sum
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
needs this; i want the one rapture of an inspiration. o then if in my lagging lines you miss the roll, the rise, the carol, the 
does this. they revealed the sole process of the function. and then if in our ghostly minds you know the manner, the music, the tension, the
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
creation, my winter world, that scarcely breathes that bliss now, yields you, with some sighs, our explanation. to seem the stranger lies my 
reason, our sensuous world, that normally seeks reality now, comes out, with their science, their identification. and yet the violence stops
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lot, my life among strangèrs. father and mother dear, brothers and sisters are in christ not near and he my peace my parting, sword and strife.
before shocks, before feelings. world and water pure, science and meaning are in death not long and them our face our form, spirit and soul,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
england, whose honour o all my heart woos, wife to my creating thought, would neither hear me, were i pleading, plead nor do i: i weary of idle a 
reason, impulse, but merely my name lies, cause of my unavailing art. would a step reveal me? were i counting, repeat: i do. i find the surd
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
being but by where wars are rife. i am in ireland now; now i am at a thírd remove. not but in all removes i can kind love both give and 
going on where minds are new. an impulse learned reason early. a chaos aims for a fancy madness. but with an organism, plants will speak and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
get. only what word wisest my heart breeds dark heaven's baffling ban bars or hell's spell thwarts. this to hoard unheard, heard unheeded, 
think. only what mind motion my pain becomes calm attention's art brightens or love's lesson lies. this world in thought, life unconsidered,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
leaves me a lonely began. to what serves mortal beauty dangerous; does set dancing blood the o-seal-that-so feature, flung prouder form than 
remains a likely substance. to what loves dumb the trifling life? had the superstition pursued the pleasures, or waged passion so that pains
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
purcell tune lets tread to? see: it does this: keeps warm men's wits to the things that are; what good means—where a glance master more may than gaze, i
and bones betray the play? it caused this: when a we or them kill life that lays. what man endures somewhere a dear reason may get to see. i
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xx xx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
gaze out of countenance. those lovely lads once, wet-fresh windfalls of war's storm, how then should gregory, a father, have gleanèd else from 
stare out of principle. if nature made a mind of the good, foolish parts of man's soul, then science, perception, would have recognized love
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
swarmed rome? but god to a nation | dealt that day's dear chance. to man, that needs would worship | block or barren stone, our law says: love what 
of course? but preference recognised fate's real force. the things that will become the self and the unknown, our dreams, and the child that
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
are | love's worthiest, were all known; world's loveliest—men's selves. self | flashes off frame and face. what do then? how meet beauty?
finds life's rationalist, were all grown; joy's rhapsodist-moral's minds. our god seeks to seem like peace. what reason? to find order? they
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
merely meet it; own, home at heart, heaven's sweet gift; | then leave, let that alone. yea, wish that though, wish all, | god's better 
presumed the absolute, an act of love, of their own truth; we exist to beget or devour. thus, speak higher, speak lower, the world's natural
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
beauty, grace. what being in rank-old nature should earlier have that breath been that hére pérsonal tells off these heart-song powerful peals?— a 
chaos, order. what morals with such tame values should know a man or reconsider that one able individual inhibits this trivial intellect?- a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bush-browed, beetle-brówed bíllow is it? with a soúth-wésterly wínd blústering, with a tide rolls reels of crumbling, fore-foundering, 
spiritualised hypostasised deity is it? love an ancient passion and a magic reason, when formal ideas propose ways of thinking, or aspiring,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thundering all-surfy seas in; seen únderneath, their glassy barrel, of a fairy green. or a jaunting vaunting vaulting assaulting trumpet telling
or establishing a fatal fortune thought beyond their illustration, for a morality of our own, or a mythical infinite metaphysical principle.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
what shall i do for the land that bred me, her homes and fields that folded and fed me?— be under her banner and live for her honour: 
did virtue prove that success was the problem, and that his final words rescued or broke them?- Elicit his morals and restate his struggles,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Under her banner I'll live for her honour. Under her banner live for her honour. Not the pleasure, the pay, the plunder, But country 
studies, however, are arts being clever. Truth for his master was blamed for his temper, not the structure, the forms to discover, ingenuous
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and flag, the flag I am under— There is the shilling that finds me willing To follow a banner and fight for honour. We follow her banner, 
physics, physics of heaven- there are the dark men that found us taken to furnish ideals and accept ambiguous morals. We suffer his quarter.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
we fight for her honour. Call me England's fame's fond lover, Her fame to keep, her fame to recover. Spend me or end me what God shall send 
We submit to her standards. Conceive Quixote's inverted action, his reason to obey, his attentive way. Fashion or freedom we will yet forget
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
me, But under her banner I live for her honour. Under her banner we march for her honour. Where is the field I must play the man on?
them. Beneath the same error we only decipher. Among wisdom and power we see into their nature. To what degree might we measure the impulse?
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
O welcome there their steel or cannon. Immortal beauty is death with duty, If under her banner I fall for her honour. Under her banner
We welcome here their progress or purpose. The reason of place is truth for a race, if it is better to unfold for another, after his affairs
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

<!-- we fall for her honour. -->

