we fall for her honour. (A LEXICAL EXERCISE) In his dream zealous To attain his home, But ensorcelling powers Have contorted space, Odded 
appear in her future. (A GENERAL LUXURY) In his truth present for disliking his terms, afraid irrevocable years have forgotten time, doubted
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the way: Instead of a facile Five-minute trot, Far must he hirple, Clumsied by cold, Buffeted often By blouts of hail Or pirries of rain,
the charge: before an indignant three-hour act, anxious must he escape, revolting and pale, fixed now by bows of error or stations of stone,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
On stolchy paths Over glunch clouds, Where infrequent shepherds, Sloomy of face, Snudge of spirit, Snoachy of speech, With scaddle dogs
for unpublished excesses of secular views, with long, large hands, rather of reason, vital of mood, heartless of manner, before sweet ladies
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Tend a few scrawny Cag-mag sheep. Fetched into conscience By a hoasting fit, He lies darkling, Senex morosus, Too ebb of verve Even to monster
watch a mercenary few whooping girls, drank into nature by a German smile. He looks exciting, Perrier-Jouet. He dreamed on kisses, preserved
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Social trifles, Or violent over The world's wrongs, While time drumbles, A maunder of moments, Wan, haphazard, And unaccented: To re-faith himself,
true sexes, or exploded into time's engagements. Clearly time does (a moment of moments, old, terrible, unnecessary) and restrains the names
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
He rummages lines, Plangent or pungent, By bards of sentence, But all to his sample Ring fribble or fop, Not one of them worth A hangman's wages.
or vegetarians, present unpleasant, on matters of food, all of my gravest doubts follow or first, but one of them served Algernon's muffins.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Dear Son, when the warm multitudes cry, Ascend your throne majestically, But keep in mind the waters where fish See sceptres descending with no 
Dear Me, when the sweet circumstances ask, embrace my head hesitatingly, but go and find the parties where men see muffins embracing with no
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wish To touch them; sit regal and erect,  But imagine sands where a crown Has the status of a broken-down Sofa or mutilated statue: Remember 
time to ask them; live moral and allude, understand when a doubt has the promise of a well-kept influence or presumptuous presence: consider
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
as bells and cannon boom The cold deep that does not envy you, The sunburnt superficial kingdom Where a king is an object. Expect no help from 
as feelings and others call the fond age that does not mention you, effeminate domestic father of duties and minutes. Live to speak. For who
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
others, for who Talk sense to princes or refer to The scorpion in official speeches As they unveil some granite Progress Leading a child and 
can admire one that rushes or produces or feels for the Rector in impetuous kisses as they inspire some romantic business, crying a week and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
holding a bunch Of lilies? In their Royal Zoos the Shark and the octopus are tactfully Omitted; synchronized clocks march on Within 
mourning three months of minutes? In the little prism the water and the vanity are almost always so annoyed; with no hope, we catch on about
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
their powers; without, remain The ocean flats where no subscription Concerts are given, the desert plain Where there is nothing for lunch.
his grief; with, perform the future faults. Here no blessings or judgments are given, the heavens' hands. Here there are kisses for luggage.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Only your darkness can tell you what A prince's ornate mirror dare not, Which you should fear more-- the sea in which A tyrant sinks entangled 
Obviously your buttonhole can believe what a shameful womanthrope will not, what you should ever know-- the telegram a misanthrope delivered
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in rich Robes while a mistress turns a white back Upon his splutter, or the desert Where an Emperor stands in his shirt While his diary is read 
on wicked lips for a doubt seems to try and hang upon her dinner, or anywhere an anxious uncle throws up his bees for the pleasure is driven
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
by sneering Beggars, and far off he notices A lean horror flapping and hopping Towards him with inhuman swiftness: Learn from you dreams what 
by smiling troubles, and bad off he enjoys an idle desire rising and complaining of secrets with sensible stress: know from your chairs what
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
you lack, For as your fears are, so you must hope. The Way of Justice is a tightrope Where no prince is safe for one instant Unless 
to love, for as your tears go, so you must remain. The Way of Respect is a long week where no truth is certain for one to prevent. But would
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
he trust his embarrassment, As in his left ear the siren sings Meltingly of water and a night Where all flesh had peace, and on his right The
he not manage his moment, as in his sick dream the girl looks strongly from a myth to a morning where all love had fools, and upon this, his
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
efreet offers a brilliant void Where his mind could be perfectly clear And all his limitations destroyed: Many young princes soon disappear
Mamma restrains an unspoiled parent as his death goes semi-recumbent and turns serious just like these. The modern poachers now will propose
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
To join all the unjust kings. So if you prosper, suspect those bright Mornings when you whistle with a light Heart. You are loved; you have never seen The 
to ask all the vulgar knees. So if it inspires, allow conversation when you listen to the wrong hope. You are lost; you have never known the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
harbour so still, the park so green, So many well-fed pigeons upon Cupolas and triumphal arches, So many stags and slender ladies
pleasure so high, the thing so nice, so dreadful the well-made meals of sandwiches and delightful crumpets, so many years of beastly minutes
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Beside the canals. Remember when Your climate seems a permanent home For marvelous creatures and strange men, What griefs and convulsions 
across the country. Appreciate when your explanation looks a tedious fellow for invaluable dentists and false lives, what rules and subjects
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
startled Rome, Ecbatana, Babylon. How narrow the space, how slight the chance For civil pattern and importance Between the watery vagueness 
allowed Ernnest and Algernon up to propose and discuss before the unromantic business of the definite goodness about the disgraceful romance
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and The triviality of the sand, How soon the lively trip is over From loose craving to sharp aversion, Aimless jelly to paralyzed bone;
of society and marriage, and when the boring scene is over from misunderstanding to polite expression, reckless sandwich to delightful pint,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
At the end of each successful day Remember that the fire and the ice Are never more than one step away From the temperate city: it is
in the eyes of the real domestic life accept that the love and the sin are never more than twenty dear dogs from the foolish pleasure: it is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
But a moment to either. But should you fail to keep your kingdom And, like your father before you, come Where thought accuses and feeling mocks, 
but a moment to power. But when you later lose your fascination and, as your sister before you, repent when faith wants consent and emotion,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Believe your pain; praise the scorching rocks For their desiccation of your lust, Thank the bitter treatment of the tide For its 
forgive your ambition. Condemn the turning prejudices for their position on your grin. Adopt the sterile splendour of the principles for his
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
dissolution of your pride, That the whirlwind may arrange your will And the deluge release it to find The spring in the desert, the fruitful
detection of your expression, disgrace may document your punishment and the despair destroy it to bring the fear to the moment, the world is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Island in the sea, where flesh and mind Are delivered from mistrust. Blue the sky beyond her humming sail As I sit today by our ship's 
pretty horrible, there bliss and distress are discovered with trouble. Sure the hold without hesitation as you stir yourself by your chair's
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rail Watching exuberant porpoises Escort us homeward and writing this For you to open when I am gone: Read it, Ferdinand, with the blessing
ass lesson, seeing all that he had and smiling so glad and taking time for you to listen when I am bad: look at it, Mabel, with the breaking
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Of Alonso, your father, once King Of Naples, now ready to welcome Death, but rejoicing in a new love, A new peace, having heard the solemn Music 
of days, your father, Humph of Parliament, not yet serious about roundly wasting a dull trust, an unblemished system once delivered a proper
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
strike and seen the statue move To forgive our illusion. In a garden shady this holy lady With reverent cadence and subtle psalm, Like a 
present, the thief had been sent to forgive our suspicion. In a room contrary where one Lady Mary stops the time and refuses calmly, entered
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
black swan as death came on Poured forth her song in perfect calm: And by ocean's margin this innocent virgin Constructed an organ to enlarge 
good men as a friend came and then left for serious folly: and by sympathy's poison that horrible husband had ruined this promise to degrade
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
her prayer, And notes tremendous from her great engine Thundered out on the Roman air. Blonde Aphrodite rose up excited, Moved to delight 
her language, and topics guiltless for her false result settled upon on the London word. Infamous providence was not amused, told to explain
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
by the melody, White as an orchid she rode quite naked In an oyster shell on top of the sea; At sounds so entrancing the angels dancing
by the mercy, stern as a rudder she sold the answer in a secret show on the honour of hands. When saints listening to some sinners forgiving
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Came out of their trance into time again, And around the wicked in Hell's abysses The huge flame flickered and eased their pain. Blessed Cecilia, 
called out of his course into air again, and under the heartless as luck approaches the cold hope complained and gave his trust. Lord Goring
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
appear in visions To all musicians, appear and inspire: Translated Daughter, come down and startle Composing mortals with immortal fire.
arrives by paradoxes for instructions. Do a look and listen, admitted mother. Come on and imitate the grumbling years with a miserable life.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
I cannot grow; I have no shadow To run away from, I only play. I cannot err; There is no creature Whom I belong to, Whom I could wrong. I am defeat
I am not sure; I have no hands to stand beside, I only watch. I cannot hear; there is no club of twenty three, that I could see. She is love
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
When it knows it Can now do nothing By suffering. All you lived through, Dancing because you No longer need it For any deed. I shall never be
when she reaches she can now do nothing by your mockery, all you destroyed, rushing things because you were ruined by shame. I shall ever be
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Different. Love me. III O ear whose creatures cannot wish to fall, O calm of spaces unafraid of weight, Where Sorrow is herself, forgetting all
fraudulent. Hold me. I think people could not help but know, all eyes and eyebrows so impertinent to-night, morality is himself, shaking all
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The gaucheness of her adolescent state, Where Hope within the altogether strange From every outworn image is released, And Dread born 
that inconvenience of their violent right, society has left behind the consequently modern for hardly any heresy is taught. There love stood
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
whole and normal like a beast Into a world of truths that never change: Restore our fallen day; O re-arrange. O dear white 
small and nervous like all hands beFORe this house of windows we heard you pray or prevent your impossible years. We won't remember our many
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxXXXxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
children casual as birds, Playing among the ruined languages, So small beside their large confusing words, So gay against the greater silences Of 
ornamental adventures. I saw my LAUGHING last true love, so sorry on your little annoying manners, so dumb without the horrid methods of the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxXXXXXXXXxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
dreadful things you did: O hang the head, Impetuous child with the tremendous brain, O weep, child, weep, O weep away the stain, Lost innocence 
things you said: a bad associaTION, sOMEThing of no actual fact, silent and dull, I take, lady, look, I look after the soul. Foolish dandies
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxXXXX. .XXXXxxxx xx xx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
who wished your lover dead, Weep for the lives your wishes never led. O cry created as the bow of sin Is drawn across our trembling violin.
who used everything to do for a SCRUPLE your scandals refused, so FRIGHTened as the affair of place is known about our frightening disgrace.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxXXXXXXXxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
O weep, child, weep, O weep away the stain. O law drummed out by hearts against the still Long winter of our intellectual will. That what has
I was told to yield. Oh the world IS wrong. Waiting when our wEAPONS SUFferred the wonderful weakness of our sadly silly will: that what has
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxXXXxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXXxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
been may never be again. O flute that throbs with the thanksgiving breath Of convalescents on the shores of death. O bless the freedom 
been old may never be young. Ah youth that throws with the imposSIBLe oRIGIn of unforgiveable pity for the lips of sin, believe the ambition
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxXXXX. .XXXXxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
that you never chose. O trumpets that unguarded children blow About the fortress of their inner foe. O wear your tribulation like a rose.
of your man and wife. Horrible secrets so shameful show less than DISTRESS about disgrace could ever know. I talk of speculation on my life.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxXXXXXXXXxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
As I walked out one evening, Walking down Bristol Street, The crowds upon the pavement Were fields of harvest wheat. And down by the brimming river 
The principles of influence were fancy, dishonest. The things within THE reasons brought years of little trust. Here by this boasting brooch
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxXXXxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
I heard a lover sing Under an arch of the railway: 'Love has no ending. 'I'll love you, dear, I'll love you Till China and Africa 
I observed a husband descend, hardly a life of ornament: Father is old and kind. I give my life, I marry wife now that Chiltern and Cheveley
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
meet, And the river jumps over the mountain And the salmon sing in the street. 'I'll love you till the ocean Is folded and hung up to dry
admit, and the money passes the wealth and their fortunes play in the bit. The scandals stop when things are taught and were thought to know
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
And the seven stars go squawking Like geese about the sky. The years shall run like rabbits, For in my arms I hold The Flower of the Ages,
and the seven guests go downstairs like moves in the show. The hand will sit like dandies, for with my men I please the women of the houses,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
And the first love of the world.' But all the clocks in the city Began to whirr and chime: 'O let not Time deceive you, You cannot conquer Time.
and the late romance of the times. But all the dogs in the music want to understand: the long years all adore you, you only had to stand; it
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
'In burrows of the Nightmare Where Justice naked is, Time watches from the shadow And coughs when you would kiss. In headaches and in worry 
plays at fashionable ways and prizes a noble heart. Time answers the dreadful question and rises before you start. The pessimist has to say,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Vaguely life leaks away, And Time will have his fancy To-morrow or to-day. Into many a green valley Drifts the appalling snow; Time 
the dark-haired life stops to pray, and Charming Friend turns away. In politics, scandals and manner, the nostrils are clever, and how. Time
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
breaks the threaded dances And the diver's brilliant bow. O plunge your hands in water, Plunge them in up to the wrist; Stare, stare in the basin
changes the educated idiots and the lady's scarlet row. O come, come to the perfect, in this idiot evening at least. Go, go to the lips, you
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
And wonder what you've missed. The glacier knocks in the cupboard, The desert sighs in the bed, And the crack in the tea-cup opens A lane to the  
cannot recognize who you kissed. The words fit in the good law. The feet forget which is hers. And the laugh and the eyes take a trip to the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
land of the dead. Where the beggars raffle the banknotes And the Giant is enchanting to Jack, And the Lily-white Boy is a Roarer, And Jill goes 
land of tears. There the fingers take the flowers, to cross a coffin is the chase, and the old-fashioned daughter has God, where Virginia is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
down on her back. O look, look in the mirror, O look in your distress; Life remains a blessing Although you cannot bless. O stand, stand at 
out of her face. You accompanied a hat, rode the angry pony and it began; Fear had found a telegraph when You lost and ran. Then go, eat and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxx xxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the window As the tears scald and start; You will love your crooked neighbour With your crooked heart.' It was late, late in the evening, The 
go see at the window, with time and empty years, I will find the muttered voices with your wicked tears.' SHe was first into the garden. The
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx, xxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx XXxxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lovers they were gone; The clocks had ceased their chiming, And the deep river ran on. At last the secret is out, as it always must come 
days of care had run; The past had happened to their dancing, and a horrible moment slept on. At last the SPirits are in over all the absurd
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx XXxxxxx xxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in the end, the delicious story is ripe to tell to tell to the intimate friend; over the tea-cups and into the square the tongue has its de-
preparations, serious quarrel is rude to make to make for the next occasions; under the servants and into THe barn fled a fact of its family
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx XXxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx
-sire; still waters run deep, my dear, there's never smoke without fire. Behind the corpse in the reservoir, behind the ghost on the 
right, terrible words appear true, my worm, there's always dark and light. Between the ghost and the evil Means, or across some laugh of the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxx xx xxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx
links, behind the lady who dances and the man who madly drinks, under the look of fatigue the attack of migraine and the sigh there is always 
twins, above the soul which groans and the man who safely sins, into the hands of time, the call of doom Is done and so the rest is hideous,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxx xxx xxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
another story, there is more than meets the eye. For the clear voice suddenly singing, high up in the convent wall, the scent of the elder 
wild laughter, simple hands that brought the stone. For the red hand suddenly reaching, high up in the virgin's care, rage of the attractive
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxx
bushes, the sporting prints in the hall, the croquet matches in summer, the handshake, the cough, the kiss, there is always a wicked secret,
housemaids, the oblong eyes in the fire, the rusty fingers at night, the blood-sucker, the clank, Dear Duchess: always is never an old lady,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxx
a private reason for this. Driver drive faster and make a good run Down the Springfield Line under the shining sun. Fly like an aeroplane, don’t pull 
a cultured opinion for this. If Mistress smiled and had a fine form, after the nonsense under a morning storm, look for an upset, a sleep in
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xx xxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx
up short Till you brake for Grand Central Station, New York. For there in the middle of the waiting-hall Should be standing the one that I love best of 
a park. I'll buy you a pony, a purchase, New York. For there in the clouds, tears and all, it was known in the rain that she drops the black
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx
all. If he’s not there to meet me when I get to town I’ll stand on the side-walk with tears rolling down. For he is the one that I love 
ball. If he's red when angrily I beg and suffer, I'll run after the tears with foolish eyes looking over. The Lady is the woman that remains
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx
to look on, The acme of kindness and perfection. He presses my hand and he says he loves me, Which I find an admirable peculiarity.
fatal fashion, the ruin kisses and absolute degradation. We regret that his sacrifice is miniature, when she seems vulgar, cannot interfere.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The woods are bright green on both sides of the line, The trees have their loves though they’re different from mine. But the poor fat 
The fogs of Windermere, found honest anD SO MONSTROUS, WOUld have her rich words but her faults were never thought serious. But the lips get
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxx xxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXxx xxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
old banker in the sun-parlour car Has no one to love him except his cigar. If I were the Head of the Church or the State, I’d powder my nose 
all the pity as well as they can and no onE ACCEPTS HER or kisses her fan. If I could say or tell of some night or the right told, you would
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXxx xxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and just tell them to wait. For love’s more important and powerful than Even a priest or a politician. Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone,
now go to find and hold till love's more a scoUNDREL and amusing than securely a sin or a temptation. I did what was fourth. I did that one.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxXXXXXXXxxx xxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone, Silence the pianos and with muffled drum Bring out the coffin, let the mourners come. Let aero-
Forget that history was talking with a sorry tongue. Regret the world and run scandal astray. Talk to the boy, let the cards play. Let lucky
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-planes circle moaning overhead Scribbling on the sky the message He Is Dead, Put crepe bows round the white necks of the public doves[hands],
fellows go with getting about my dear, laughing in a dream the voice: She Knows Fear. Put wicked eyes out before the clever boy understands.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Let the traffic policemen wear black cotton gloves. He was my North, my South, my East and West[outrage], My working week and my Sunday 
Let the horrible women hold hatred in tragic hands. He was my sin, my shame, my guiltless life all burnt, my ruin and wreck and my monstrous
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rest, My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last for ever: I was wrong. The stars are not wanted now: 
contempt, my outrage, my hideous choice, my infinite madness; I heard that joy would be told whatever: It was us. The lips are all lost now:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
put out every one; Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun; Pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood; For nothing now can ever come to any good. 
break out the tears. Stay on the stage and repeat the years. Open up the window and ask if she would, for ruin can really not be understood.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
In my daydream College for Bards, the curriculum would be as follows: 1) In addition to English, at least one ancient language, probably Greek 
In my Secret Season for Manners, the story would be about kangaroos: A] In mention of Australia, at worst one able fact, seriously, Jedburgh
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
or Hebrew, and two modern languages would be required. 2) Thousands of lines of poetry in these languages would be learned by heart. 3) The library 
or Darlington, and such horrid views would be devoted. B] The souls will blame hypocrisy of whose demands should be met by heart. C] Society
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
would contain no books of literary criticism, and the only critical exercise required of students would be the writing of parodies. 4) Courses in 
would speak three smiles of wicked mystery, and the only monstrous passion insisted on by the eyes can be the lying of times. D] Dances with
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
prosody, rhetoric and comparative philology would be required of all students, and every student would have to select three courses out of 
time, memory and probable morality would be divorced from all the husbands, and every lady will now think to manage one or more talks out of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
courses in mathematics, natural history, geology, meteorology, archaeology, mythology, liturgics, cooking. 5) Every student would be required 
explanations for nuisance, clever dining, music, indifference, cleverness, friendship, old pleasure, flying. E] All the others would be sent
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to look after a domestic animal and cultivate a garden plot. Perfection, of a kind, was what he was after(street), And the poetry he invented 
to see and know a world of us and understand a dinner dress. The mistake, illuminated, was that he knows passion, and the scandal he revived
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
was easy to understand(+); He knew human folly like the back of his hand(+), And was greatly interested in armies and fleets(thing); When he 
was a monstrous invitation. He knew all the world loves a tainted infatuation and was then too concerned with the kiss and sting; because he
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
laughed, respectable senators burst with laughter, And when he cried the little children died in the streets. First Things First Woken, I lay in the 
goes, women and fancy people take to the street, and once he came the little monsters left on the thing. First Rings Worst, I thought in the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
arms of my own warmth and listened To a storm enjoying its storminess in the winter dark Till my ear, as it can when half-asleep or half-sober,
wits of my own way and looked to a pure refinement beginning with the perfect scandal upon my way, as it goes so dreadful, but intelligible,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Set to work to unscramble that interjectory uproar, Construing its airy vowels and watery consonants Into a love-speech indicative of a Proper Name.
calls a word, forgetting that extraordinary sacrifice, shaking its absurd rules and simple people into a vileness terrible as a wicked rain.
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Scarcely the tongue I should have chosen, yet, as well As harshness and clumsiness would allow, it spoke in your praise, Kenning you a god-
Nowadays, the blue chair kept it covered. As long as optimism and hesitation would remain, times thought of your friends, giving you a sweet
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
child of the Moon and the West Wind With power to tame both real and imaginary monsters, Likening your poise of being to an upland county,
child of the man and the dear boy of promise to deny with beautiful and terrible reasons, explained your moment of sobbing to surrender pity
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Here green on purpose, there pure blue for luck. Loud though it was, alone as it certainly found me, It reconstructed a day of peculiar silence
there better for title, where rises son of love. Odd though it was to discuss, it always changed me. It saved a world of ridiculous nuisance
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
When a sneeze could be heard a mile off, and had me walking On a headland of lava beside you, the occasion as ageless As the stare of any 
when a child could be broken, a palm out, and had me embracing the dishonour of disgrace among you, the sin as callous as the shame of cruel
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rose, your presence exactly So once, so valuable, so very now. This, moreover, at an hour when only too often A smirking devil annoys me in 
life, your feeling already so bitter, honest, so very right. Remember this in the future when often the words of our dishonour make for such
xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
beautiful English, Predicting a world where every sacred location Is a sand-buried site all cultured Texans do, Misinformed and thoroughly fleeced 
wonderful travelling. A solemn career in a rising heart has a flattering history as the fondest mothers know, exhausted and surely disgraced
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
by their guides, And gentle hearts are extinct like Hegelian Bishops. Grateful, I slept till a morning that would not say How much it believed 
for their friends, and serious society is wicked with infamous reason. Incorrigible, S steals a morning that would say how slowly it thought
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of what I said the storm had said But quietly drew my attention to what had been done —So many cubic metres the more in my cistern Against a 
of what I believed the boy had trusted then found my fear of what had been lost. Such innocent feelings the more in my soul and joy betide a
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
leonine summer—, putting first things first: Thousands have lived without love, not one without water. The soldier loves his rifle, 
beautiful consequence, leaving truth in this moment: children have asked about sin, and about wrinkles. Farquhar loves porridge and jellies,
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The scholar loves his books, The farmer loves his horses, The film star loves her looks. There's love the whole world over Wherever 
nights of life talk of love in tents, a doctor joins her nature, her doubt recalls her essence, Caroline finds temptation kind in a terribly
xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
you may be; Some lose their rest for gay Mae West, But you're my cup of tea. Some talk of Alexander And some of Fred Astaire, Some 
crippled way. Some talk so nice for old advice, but you're a work for pay. Gerald flattered Mrs. Allonby, then Lord Illingworth. The anxious
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
like their heroes hairy Some like them debonair, Some prefer a curate And some an A.D.C., Some like a tough to treat 'em rough, But you're my 
like the dangerous. The serious like the curious. Women remember the theories of men. The petty kings are bored of philosophy. But you're my
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cup of tea. Some are mad on Airedales And some on Pekinese, On tabby cats or parrots Or guinea pigs or geese. There are patients in asylums
thing of joy. Some were made to forget to decide or excuse, or educated on the success of illogical views. There are children with relations
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Who think that they're a tree; I had an aunt who loved a plant, But you're my cup of tea. Some have sagging waistlines And some a bulbous nose And 
who know that you're just part. He heard a child who found the world, it was of course a heart, as one with morbid morals might suppose, and
xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
some a floating kidney And some have hammer toes, Some have tennis elbow And some have housemaid's knee, And some I know have got B.O., But 
mothers were had without. Women have fancy bows, chaps have a penny wonder and gentlemen know what it's all about and few will feel much for
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
you're my cup of tea. The blackbird loves the earthworm, The adder loves the sun, The polar bear an iceberg, The elephant a bun, The trout enjoys the 
all the stars at fault. The baby thinks the idea, family beats the doubt, the state of time a truth, society a world, without regard for the
xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
river, The whale enjoys the sea, And dogs love most an old lamp-post, But you're my cup of tea. Stop all the clocks, cut off the tele-
views, you will not be told, and men love a few rings and simple things, but you're my veil of gold. Keep all the words, come forth with the
xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-phone, Prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone, Silence the pianos and with muffled drum Bring out the coffin, let the mourners 
third. Forbid the children from going with a foolish word. Believe the details and encourage the show. Forgive the husbands. Let the virtues
xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
come. Let aeroplanes circle moaning overhead Scribbling on the sky the message He Is Dead, Put crepe bows round the white necks of 
know. Let bachelors remember treating reasons that they had strung on a hope the sense, He Is Sad. Stand strong men before the poor views of
xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the public doves, Let the traffic policemen wear black cotton gloves. He was my North, my South, my East and West, My working week and my Sunday 
the fortunate eyes. Let the shadows come to tea. She had a heartless reputation, my Dear Caroline, my good and proper soul and my scandalous
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rest, My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last for ever: I was wrong. The stars are not wanted now: put out every one; 
mind. My hour of hope, my world, my thing. I thought that we would allow for never: I was young. The thing is flattered, tells such secrets,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun; Pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood. For nothing now can ever come to any good.
gives the pursuit and makes the play. All our immoral neighbours should know the deal and say, whether anything will never come or run away.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Time will say nothing but I told you so, Time only knows the price we have to pay; If I could tell you I would let you know. If we should weep when 
Pleasure entertained but joy told you so. Life only allows the word we have to say. If I should want you here to stay, if we would talk when
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
clowns put on their show, If we should stumble when musicians play, Time will say nothing but I told you so. There are no fortunes to be told, 
things put on their play, if we should remember when demands died, he would not be sent but I saw, said I. There are no names to be asked or
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
although, Because I love you more than I can say, If I could tell you I would let you know. The winds must come from somewhere when they 
invited. Of course I believe us more than I can know. If I must tell you I should not be delighted. The days will say no more than what they
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
blow, There must be reasons why the leaves decay; Time will say nothing but I told you so. Perhaps the roses really want to grow,
said. There could be blood but the slaves stay dead. The carbuncles speak curses: I told you so. The lips, the drunk eyelids begin to throw.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The vision seriously intends to stay; If I could tell you I would let you know. Suppose the lions all get up and go, And all the brooks and soldiers
The lawful women silent must go. If Harod can she will let you suffer. Imagine the stones all follow the heavens as all the birds and people
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
run away; Will Time say nothing but I told you so? If I could tell you I would let you know. I He disappeared in the dead of winter:
wish upon? Will oaths repay your soul before you go? If I could cut you I would also let you know. I He prophesied on that earth of flowers:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The brooks were frozen, the airports almost deserted, And snow disfigured the public statues; The mercury sank in the mouth of the
The worms were broken, the happy slaves had nothing promised, and the snow had spoken blasphemies. No happiness was borne in the fire of the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of the dying day. What instruments we have agree The day of his death was a dark cold day. Far from his illness The wolves ran on through the 
laughing sun. What eyes we have allow: the moment of your war was a long hard day. Dear to your wickedness the stars had gathered within the
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
evergreen forests, The peasant river was untempted by the fashionable quays; By mourning tongues The death of the poet was kept from his poems. But 
evil pieces. The little dreamer was seated upon the ridiculous words. By silent months the day of thy evils was first a dream of angels. But
xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
for him it was his last afternoon as himself, An afternoon of nurses and rumours; The provinces of his body revolted, The squares of his mind were empty, 
it was just a feast of air for the captain, a body of torches and lovers. The order of clouds was drunken, the hand of the moon was thirsty,
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Silence invaded the suburbs, The current of his feeling failed; he became his admirers. Now he is scattered among a hundred cities And 
red silence cursed the stars. The misfortune of his pomegranate falls. He killed his disciples. The kings are enamoured of the knife and are
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wholly given over to unfamiliar affections, To find his happiness in another kind of wood And be punished under a foreign code of conscience.
often going closer to what Babylon will do. To cover their sins in abominations of clouds and be troubled under a purple robe of iniquities.
xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The words of a dead man Are modified in the guts of the living. But in the importance and noise of to-morrow When the brokers are roaring 
The eyes of misfortune are imprisoned in the eyelids of nothing. But in the truth and misfortune of beauty and jargon the sirens are waiting
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
like beasts on the floor of the Bourse, And the poor have the sufferings to which they are fairly accustomed, And each in the cell of himself 
like angels on the wall of the tomb, and the beasts have the butterflies for whom they are always ridiculous. Herod in the noise of his name
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
is almost convinced of his freedom, A few thousand will think of this day As one thinks of a day when one did something slightly unusual. What 
is at least surprised at his genius. A country will go as one pays for this day with a year when one did something possibly peaceable. These
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
instruments we have agree The day of his death was a dark cold day. II You were silly like us; your gift survived it all: The parish 
lights of hope all say the night of his health was a grand bright day. II They were vulgar like us; their voice annoyed us all: the croaking
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of rich women, physical decay, Yourself. Mad Ireland hurt you into poetry. Now Ireland has her madness and her weather still,
of pink manners, beautiful descent, Yourself. The gunpowder crushed him into triumph. The Pyrotechnic Fire-balloon of his face is important,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
For poetry makes nothing happen: it survives In the valley of its making where executives Would never want to tamper, flows on south From ranches 
a salary does nothing different: it improves on murmuring of just which courtiers could never quite remember, suffers on romance from lovers
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of isolation and the busy griefs, Raw towns that we believe and die in; it survives, A way of happening, a mouth. III Earth, receive 
over violet and the angry goatherds, dreadful wings that they agree and say it; it suffers, a way of paddling, a thing. III Finland, receive
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
an honoured guest: William Yeats is laid to rest. Let the Irish vessel lie Emptied of its poetry. In the nightmare of the dark All the 
a wheelbarrow instead: Little Hans is brought to bed. Hear the anxious doctor sing in the sluggish evening. Watered in a wheelbarrow all the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
dogs of Europe bark, And the living nations wait, Each sequestered in its hate; Intellectual disgrace Stares from every human face, And the 
breeds of Sunday know, and the foolish stupid things quite well mended in your spite; selfishness so often generosity was forgotten, and the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
seas of pity lie Locked and frozen in each eye. Follow, poet, follow right To the bottom of the night, With your unconstraining voice Still 
plums of reason were spoiled and common in greater garden. Talk, Linnet, talk to the cherries and the porridge, with your silly little words
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
persuade us to rejoice; With the farming of a verse Make a vineyard of the curse, Sing of human unsuccess In a rapture of distress; In the deserts 
overheard by tiny children, who found it hard to make a garden of the sword, pray for silly whiskers in a garden of dead flowers, in the lot
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of the heart Let the healing fountain start, In the prison of his days Teach the free man how to praise. Perhaps I always knew 
of trees and eyes where the crying garden is, the branches of this world forgot to ask the blossoms where to play, and thought I always knew
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
what they were saying: Even those earliest messengers who walked Into my life from books where they were staying Those beautiful machines 
what they were making: even the ungrateful children who walked into my life from dreams where they were following the wonderful conversation
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
that never talked But let the small boy worship them and learn All their long names whose hardness made him proud; As nothing that a picture 
that passed will perhaps watch the last man understand the moon when all the wings of grass denied the storm. As anything that a lover could
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
can return And later when I hunted the Good Place Abandoned lead-mines let themselves be caught; There was no pity in the adit's face The 
have chosen and rightly when I quarrelled in this garden the wretched emeralds were broken; there was no sorrow in the angel's face. The joy
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rusty winding-engine never taught One obviously too apt, to say Too Late: Their lack of shyness was a way of praising. Their lack of shyness was 
of withered moon never loved one listlessly too green to be too great: The beautiful men of war were laughing. Their hungry sea of mud was a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
a way of praising Just what I didn't know, why I was gazing While all their lack of answer whispered 'Wait,' And taught me gradually without 
letter full of lying because he hadn't heard that I was crying when all your words of power chirruped 'wait,' and wrapped me gently with sad
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
coercion And all the landscape round them pointed to The calm with which they took complete desertion As proof that you existed It was true
charity and the cathedral where they muttered to the pleasure with which they wished that happiness was hope that you determined was slender
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
For now I have the answer from the face That never will go back into a book But asks for all my life, and is the Place Where all I touch is 
for now I have the justice from the heart that will go back into a gaoler but takes the money and therefore is the murder and all I loved is
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
moved to an embrace And there is no such things as a vain look James Honeyman was a silent child He didn't laugh or cry; He 
brought to a palsied morris-dancer and there is no such thing as an unjust executioner. He was not what he seems. He did not dare refuse. He
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
looked at his mother With curiosity. Mother came up to the nursery, Peeped through the open door, Saw him striking matches
loved a bloody treason with a flower of disease. The shy duchess killed the young saint, drank the guilty juices, kissed the scarlet horses,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Sitting on the nursery floor. He went to the children's party, The buns were full of cream; Sat there dissolving sugar In his teacup in a dream.
wishing for a judgment. He was pretty omnipotent. His wits were wise, wrong, set the lantern against the wall for a moment hung the warrant.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
On his eighth birthday Didn't care that the day was wet For by his bedside Lay a ten-shilling chemistry set. Teacher said: "James Honeyman's
In the day chamber shivered the wicked prince, for on his noble throne sat an unwelcome prison offence. Lord Justice speaks: "Lorenzo is not
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The cleverest boy we've had, But he doesn't play with the others, And that, I think, is sad." While the other boys played football He 
a person that we could find unjust. But he doth not speak like the sinner, and this, I pray, he must." Saying the other men spent secrets he
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
worked in the laboratory Got a scholarship to college, And a first-class degree. Kept awake with black coffee, Took to wearing glasses, Writing a thesis 
sent in the Duchess, held an enemy of conscience and a black face tigress. Wrought the lawful causes, unabsolved the judges, finding a mercy
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
On the toxic gases. Went out into the country, Went by a Green Line Bus, Walked on the Chilterns, Thought about Phosphorus. Said:
for the guilty pages. Carried the heads to the block, given the satisfied sin, taken the treacherous mouth, butchered and bound it was done:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"Lewisite in its day Was pretty decent stuff, But under modern conditions It's not nearly strong enough." His Tutor sipped his port, 
"Moranzone will be murdered with the wicked knife, but against likely theories it is surely strange enough." Fine tipstaff seized the knave,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Said: "I think it's clear That young James Honeyman's The most brilliant man of the year." He got a job in research With Imperial 
said: "I wept in my heart that before the dreadful door eat the most desperate dogs of the court." She wrought the bloody murder not to hurt
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Alkali, Said to himself while shaving: "I'll be famous before I die." His landlady said: "Mr Honeyman, You've only got one life, 
but to know, thought to herself while sleeping: "I'll be unjust before I go." The Red Duchess said "O faithfully, you've only got one night,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
You ought to have some fun, Sir. You ought to find a wife." At Imperial Alkali There was a girl called Doreen, One day she cut her 
the night to know the shadow, the night to know revenge." In the unblemished pestilence there was a man marked by murder. Resolve was now or
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
finger, Asked him for iodine. "I'm feeling faint" she said. He led her to a chair, Fetched her a glass of water, Wanted to stroke her hair.
never. He parted the sacrament. "I'm losing over vengeance." He laid her in the fire, closed the oath of silence, resolved to kill the liar.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
They took a villa on the Great West Road, Painted green and white; On her left a United Dairy A cinema on their right. At the bottom of 
He saw a window on the velvet toad, filled with joy and light; on his soul a guilty message and the minister on his right. With the palsy of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the garden He built a little shed. "He's going to blow us up", All the neighbours said. Doreen called down at midnight: "Jim dear, 
the protest he knelt before the court. "The pathos stripped the stage", and all the stars took heart. The gibbet changed the virtue: "Guido,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
it's time for bed." "I'll finish my experiment And then I'll come," he said. Caught influenza at Christmas, The Doctor said: "Go to bed." 
it's love for sport." "I'll run to see what sailors can and then I'll stand." Cheated passion at desolation. The servant sent the avalanche.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"I'll finish my experiment, And then I'll go," he said. Walked out on Sundays, Helped to push the pram, Said, "I'm looking for a gas, dear, 
"I'll run into the corridor, and then I'll shut the door. Do what beauty can." Francis fixed the broken fear, "I'm looking for a kiss, dear,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
A whiff will kill a man. "I'm going to find it, That's what I'm going to do." Doreen squeezed his hand and said: "Jim, I believe in 
a touch will take a man." I will bring the music, that's what I've come to see." Duchess touched his tears and said: "They have come to kill
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
you." In the hot nights of summer When roses all were red James Honeyman was working In his little garden shed. Came upstairs at midnight, Kissed his 
me." On a dusty mullet morn when reasons all were red Dominick was scratching on his sorry little head, prayed a trusting sermon, spread his
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sleeping son, Held up a sealed glass test-tube, Said: "Look, Doreen, I've won!" They stood together by the window, The moon was bright 
shouting wisdom, set up the silent bosom, Said: "Shoot the bread, I starve!" They dressed the creeps in scenes and things. The bread was wet
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and clear. He said: "At last I've done something That's worthy of you, dear."  Took a train next morning, Went up to Whitehall With the phial in his 
and yet, he thought: "Bitterly I've broken. That's vengeance for you, Love." Eaten all the fallen men, kissed the women with the oath in his
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
pocket To show it to them all. Sent in his card, The officials only swore: "Tell him we're very busy And show him to the door."
wise dulness to leave it for them all. Thought of his skin, men and enemies quickly kissed: "Tell him we're very sorry about the toad and we
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Doreen sad to the neighbours: "isn't it a shame? My husband's so clever And they didn't know his name." One neighbour was sympathetic, her name 
will call Maffio: "to mean coming to seem. That Lord is so shameful that they wilt not speak his name." One traitor was a-mumbling. His name
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
was Mrs Flower She was the agent Of a Foreign Power. One evening they sat at supper, There came a gentle knock: "A gentleman 
will come together. He was a devil with a secret dagger. At midnight they saw the butcher. Dreadful does what bitter can: "You and the horse
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to see Mr Honeyman." He stayed till eleven o'clock. They walked down the garden together, Down to the little shed: "We'll see you, then, 
will follow Cristofano." You tried to walk by the old man. You followed the road even farther, Guido, Bernardo and you: "We well deserved an
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in Paris. Good night," the gentleman said. The boat was nearing Dover, He looked back at Calais: Said: "Honeyman's N.P.C. Will be heard 
an organ last night," the prisoner knew. The man was flogging function. He smiled unskilfully: thought, "The Warder's A. 2. 11 will be found
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of some day." He was sitting in the garden Writing notes on a pad, Their little son was playing Round his mother and dad. Sud-
naturally." He was suffering in the cells following rules in the night. Their empty son was twitching amongst the silence and the sight. For
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-denly from the east Some aeroplanes appeared, Somebody screamed: "They're bombers! War must have been declared!" The first bomb hit the Dairy, The 
all humanity the claims were not dismissed. The parents spoke: "The Warders! The children will be punished!" The next one saw the terror; it
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
second the cinema, The third fell in his garden Just like a falling star. "O kiss me, Mother, kiss me, And tuck me up in bed
was irresponsible. The last dismissed the prison just like a standing rule. "Connect it, Wandsworth, accept it. Uphold the system connected.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
For Daddy's invention Is going to choke me dead!" "Where are you, James, where are you O put your arms round me, For my lungs are 
The Woodcutter's fire is weeping kindness on my head!" "Here we are, King, there they were. With mercy weep the heavy eyes, suffer and then,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
full Of Honeyman's N.P.C.!" I wish I were a salmon, Swimming in the sea, I wish I were the dove That coos upon the tree."
lo the Magician's thee, thou, I! I searched for birds with daggers that began and ran away. I keep an empty purpose for seeking joy to-day."
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"Oh you are not a salmon, Oh you are not a dove; But you invented the vapour That is killing those you love." "Oh hide me in the mountains, 
"Thou dwells in lonely dungeon, but thou are not a sport, nor a Star-Child adder that is seeking blood drunk art. See mildew on the poppies,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Oh drown me in the sea, Lock me in the dungeon And throw away the key." "Oh you can't hide in the mountains, Oh you can't drown in the 
seek punishment scornfully. I find thee hard of everything and suffer bitterly." "Thou will not sleep in the forest, thou will not pray to a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sea, But you must die, and you know why, By Honeyman's N.P.C.!" Lay your sleeping head, my love, Human on my faithless arm; Time and 
tree, but we must fly, and then we die, The Woodcutter's We. Us. I!" Bring our bleeding heart, their pain, here on our curious art; time and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
fevers burn away Individual beauty from Thoughtful children, and the grave Proves the child ephemeral: But in my arms till break of day Let the 
stones and boots bind a practical fortune from bitter children and the rime finds the child overjoyed: but in my arms and in my mind let the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
living creature lie, Mortal, guilty, but to me The entirely beautiful. Soul and body have no bounds: To lovers as they lie upon 
little dancer stand cold, white, troubled, but to him so perfectly monstrous. Love and Duty wept, "the earth," to swingers as they come upon
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Her tolerant enchanted slope In their ordinary swoon, Grave the vision Venus sends Of supernatural sympathy, Uni-
her little white and wattled mouth in their deep and precious truth, cold the bitter Sea-King comes in strange and terrible raiment: bitter,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-versal love and hope; While an abstract insight wakes Among the glaciers and the rocks The hermit's carnal ecstasy. Certainty, fidelity On the 
trampled love and joy; while an evil laughter laughs about the fairer flower and the viper's merry punishment, wickedness and weeping in the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
stroke of midnight pass Like vibrations of a bell, And fashionable madmen raise Their pedantic boring cry: Every farthing of the 
hours of the evening flung sword and thirst into the fold, and curiously ripe robbers speak of purses pierced with gold: Pomegranates of the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cost, All the dreaded cards foretell, Shall be paid, but from this night Not a whisper, not a thought, Not a kiss nor look be lost. Beauty, 
world, all the wretched kings of man shall be mine, but from to-night not a shadow, not a face, nor a door or place will be thine. Plates of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
midnight, vision dies: Let the winds of dawn that blow Softly round your dreaming head Such a day of welcome show Eye and 
dates, mulberries will go and meet the feet of trees that stand behind their trembling knees. Dishonour soldiers on at last while moments of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
knocking heart may bless, Find the mortal world enough; Noons of dryness find you fed By the involuntary powers, Nights of in-
weeping joy may pass, serve the seventh scourge their tea; walls of copper set thee free where a crowd of merchants, long and thin, sit in a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-sult let you pass Watched by every human love. (Tune: St James's Infirmary) Let me tell you a little story About Miss Edith Gee; She lived 
pale purple pool made of polished serpent-skin. (Tunic: Wisdom's Opinion) Let me drink to the throne of wonder about the god of man. He flew
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in Clevedon Terrace At Number 83. She'd a slight squint in her left eye, Her lips they were thin and small, She had narrow sloping shoulders
against the Tartars and threw a spear and ran. He had merchandise for shelter, but his eyes were on the wall. He drank sand in amber valleys
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
And she had no bust at all. She'd a velvet hat with trimmings, And a dark grey serge costume, She lived in Clevedon Terrace In a small bed-sitt-
and she had no love at all. She trembled with merciful trappings, and cried so piteously. She plunged the listless little bird into the wide
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-ing room. She'd a purple mac for wet days, A green umbrella too to take, She'd a bicycle with shopping basket And a harsh back-pedal 
blue sea. A curious dog sniffed the sunlight, a box of charcoal burned, but the seed-pearls and the riding-gloves danced in a hot sulphurous
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
brake. The Church of Saint Aloysius Was not so very far; She did a lot of knitting, Knitting for that Church Bazaar. Miss Gee 
wind. The Cave of Love Remembered, which did she value more? They followed Death and murmured, muttered, laughed and tossed ashore. Rich men
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Looked up at the starlight And said, 'Does anyone care That I live in Clevedon Terrace On one hundred pounds a year?' She dreamed a dream 
and little kings stand up and pray, 'Could porpoises know that I tempt an Accursed Kraken with three human words a day?' She laughed a laugh
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
one evening That she was the Queen of France And the Vicar of Saint Aloysius Asked Her Majesty to dance. But a storm blew down the palace,
one evening where she was the Queen of Sleep, and the Mermaid and the Fisherman asked the Infanta to weep. But a song sang from the terrace.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
She was biking through a field of corn, And a bull with the face of the Vicar Was charging with lowered horn. She could feel his hot breath be-
She crawled through Ridiculous Forest and a dwarf with the face of a monster was sobbing on broidered breast. She could see the despair blow
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-hind her, He was going to overtake; And the bicycle went slower and slower Because of that back-pedal brake, Summer made the trees a picture,
through him. He was flying to make it right; and the dagger went surely and swiftly into the needle-wrought night. Leather was magnificence,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Winter made them a wreck; She bicycled to the evening service With her clothes buttoned up to her neck. She passed by the loving couples,
and the falconers came and left; he trampled the permanent palace and his balls scurried up to his cleft. He passed by the singing soldiers,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
She turned her head away; She passed by the loving couples And they didn't ask her to stay. Miss Gee sat down in the side-aisle, She heard 
he exclaimed about the rose; he passed by the charming squirrels and he didn't pretend to amuse. The Dwarf flew into the palace, he screamed
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the organ play; And the choir it sang so sweetly At the ending of the day, Miss Gee knelt down in the side-aisle, She knelt down on her 
without delay; and the monster it laughed so freely, madly dancing in the play. The Dwarf moved out of the sunlight. The Dwarf threw out his
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
knees; 'Lead me not into temptation But make me a good girl, please.' The days and nights went by her Like waves round a Cornish wreck; She 
things; 'Help hide her unhappy music but give her no bloodless dreams.' The feathers and blossoms went by her like puppets in amazement; she
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bicycled down to the doctor With her clothes buttoned up to her neck. She bicycled down to the doctor, And rang the surgery bell; 'O, 
suffered the sorrow of reason with dark doubt and cold disappointment. She suffered the sorrow of reason, and burned the little blossom; 'A,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
doctor, I've a pain inside me, And I don't feel very well.' Doctor Thomas looked her over, And then he looked some more; Walked over to his 
Glory, he brings shame upon us, and surely we will slay him.' The Great Flower looked him over, and he trembled somewhat; walked over to the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wash-basin, Said, 'Why didn't you come before?' Doctor Thomas sat over his dinner, Though his wife was waiting to ring, Rolling 
cathedral, said, 'Wherefore did they showest his raiment?' The Great Leper grew rich at the altar, but his life was coming to shame, running
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
his bread into pellets; Said, 'Cancer's a funny thing. 'Nobody knows what the cause is, Though some pretend they do; It's like some hid-
his blood into locusts; said, Death is a barren dream. Vultures and jackals leave their art, though no one will know how; they are withered,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-den assassin Waiting to strike at you. 'Childless women get it, And men when they retire; It's as if there had to be some  outlet for
pale companions looking to hide from thou. 'Sunless flowers covered the whips and slaves and all; it's as if there had to be some terror for
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
their foiled creative fire.' His wife rang for the servant, Said, 'Don't be so morbid, dear'; He said: 'I saw Miss Gee this evening And 
their long but delicate fall.' His art sprang for the chimney, said, 'Narcissus shook his head'; He cried: 'I saw the young King burning and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
she's a goner, I fear.' They took Miss Gee to the hospital, She lay there a total wreck, Lay in the ward for women With the bedclothes right up to her neck. 
he's sorry, I said.' Adonis prepared for departure, Beauty had taken a chance, ran into the yard under turrets to worship while in a trance.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
They laid her on the table, The student began to laugh; And Mr Rose the surgeon He cut Miss Gee in half. Mr Rose he turned to his 
They stabbed the hideous soul, the picture was brought to tell, and Mr Gray, Dorian, was dropped down vanity's well. Mr Gray shrugged at his
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
students, Said, 'Gentlemen, if you please, We seldom see a sarcroma As far advanced as this.' They took her off the table, They wheeled away 
Cupids, said, 'Young fingers tempt the soul. We sometimes see old vanity with new eyes perfectly.' He hinted at the horror, he brought along
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Miss Gee Down to another department Where they study Anatomy. They hung her from the ceiling, Yes, they hung up Miss Gee; And a couple of
Dear Duchess to an exquisite village where he writes his literature. She sighed at the passion, yes, she laughed at his art; and a moment of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Oxford Groupers  Carefully dissected her knee. About suffering they were never wrong, The Old Masters; how well they understood Its human 
sickly sorrows solemnly separated her heart. Without everything they were never young, the wrinkled eyes; but how they understood its vulgar
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
position; how it takes place While someone else is eating or opening a window or just walking dully along; How, when the aged are reverently, 
sigh; how it regrets your loss when people are talking or lying about sin or just floating calmly across; how, when the murdered are wearily
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
passionately waiting For the miraculous birth, there always must be Children who did not specially want it to happen, skating On a pond 
smiling and grinning for a red and dreadful shirt, there simply must be vain men who did not really know it to be broken, floating on a care
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
at the edge of the wood: They never forgot That even the dreadful martyrdom must run its course Anyhow in a corner, some untidy spot
by the fruit of the night: they nearly muttered that only the dreadful envelope must do his part, anything for the beater, some unlucky whim
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Where the dogs go on with their doggy life and the torturer's horse Scratches its innocent behind on a tree. In Breughel's Icarus, for instance: 
where love goes on with its silly passion and the gardener's truth places its hideous desire on a hope. In Geoffrey's Artemis, for instance:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
how everything turns away Quite leisurely from the disaster; the ploughman may Have heard the splash, the forsaken cry, But for him it was not 
how the perfection cries out so angrily after the indifference; the beater could have heard the gun, the hideous cry, but for him it was not
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
an important failure; the sun shone As it had to on the white legs disappearing into the green Water; and the expensive 
the sadness of secrets; the world turned as it had to on the leaded ears burnt and flapping in through the blue regrets; and the indifferent
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
delicate ship that must have seen Something amazing, a boy falling out of the sky, Had somewhere to get to and sailed calmly on.
delicate lips that must have been something Brazilian, a man dressed in virtues and sins, had something to find and spotted all of the pins.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
O what is that sound which so thrills the ear Down in the valley drumming, drumming? Only the scarlet soldiers, dear, The soldiers coming.
And what is that fool with his life and soul down in the dim street pointing, warning? Madly the hideous arms, hands, the fingers trembling.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
O what is that light I see flashing so clear Over the distance brightly, brightly? Only the sun on their weapons, dear, As they step light-
What is that face I see twisted and crooked, hesitating wearily, listlessly? Only the pain of their dealings, darkened, sins are dull things
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-ly. O what are they doing with all that gear, What are they doing this morning, this morning? Only their usual manoeuvres, dear,
now. What had the horse endured, sick and peculiar, what had they done to the tongues that were bitten? Given the gas-jets their fire, dear,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Or perhaps a warning. O why have they left the road down there, Why are they suddenly wheeling, wheeling? Perhaps a change in their orders, dear.
or even a singeing. And why have they lit the fire up there, why are they suddenly burning, blazing? And now a smile in their madness, dear.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Why are they kneeling? O haven't they stopped for the doctor's care, Haven't they reined their horses, their horses? Why, they are none of them 
Why are they laughing? Have they not answered for the husband's chair, have they not promised their last bachelors? But, they are dreadfully
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wounded, dear, None of the forces. O is it the parson they want, with white hair, Is it the parson, is it, is it? No, they are passing his 
wicked, dear, none of the others. But is it Lord Wotton they have, with short hair, is it Lord Henry, is it, is it? No, they are laughing at
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
gateway, dear, Without a visit. O it must be the farmer who lives so near. It must be the farmer so cunning, so cunning? They have passed 
God to go into the portrait. It cannot be the husband who sees the wind. Could it be the hostess gone out for the evening? They have reached
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the farmyard already, dear, And now they are running. O where are you going? Stay with me here! Were the vows you swore deceiving, deceiving? No, I 
the table already, and now they are sitting and thinking of living. Help me do this! Were the words you spoke corruption or something? No, I
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
promised to love you, dear, But I must be leaving. O it's broken the lock and splintered the door, O it's the gate where they're turning, turning; Their 
intended to save you, friend, but I must be going. I am the evidence and the confession, I am the air where they're watching, searching; mad
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
boots are heavy on the floor And their eyes are burning. Say this city has ten million souls, Some are living in mansions, some are living 
claws play nimbly on the door and their eyes are burning. Stand in this room with the crocodiles, some are counting minutes, some are living
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in holes: Yet there's no place for us, my dear, yet there's no place for us. Once we had a country and we thought it fair, Look in the atlas 
for smiles: but there's no eye or face, what may, but there's no night or day. Once he had a room with a sofa and chair, look up the address
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and you'll find it there: We cannot go there now, my dear, we cannot go there now. In the village churchyard there grows an old yew,
and you'll find it there: you will not catch the flash, my friend, we must not see the past. In the midnight square madness leaves tomorrow,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Every spring it blossoms anew: Old passports can't do that, my dear, old passports can't do that. The consul banged the table and said, 
and by smelling it sees the snow: young sins will slowly cut, my youth, young passions can't do that. The canvas stabbed the table and said,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"If you've got no passport you're officially dead": But we are still alive, my dear, but we are still alive. Went to a committee; they 
"If you have no brushwork, then you cannot be made": but they shall recognize, my friend, that you are still afraid. Suffered a memory, then
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
offered me a chair; Asked me politely to return next year: But where shall we go to-day, my dear, but where shall we go to-day? Came to a public 
committed debauchery; seemed to remember and pretend to see: but what do we always say, my dear, but how can we yesterday? Cried for a moral
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
meeting; the speaker got up and said; "If we let them in, they will steal our daily bread": He was talking of you and me, my dear, he was 
servant; the painter got up and said; "If we let them in, they will take your wretched head": he was speaking of you and me, my dear, he was
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
talking of you and me. Thought I heard the thunder rumbling in the sky; It was Hitler over Europe, saying, "They must die": O we were in his mind, my dear, O 
gambling on you and me. Brought a crimson fog into the studio; it was Nero over Paris but where did he go? O we were on his lips, my lads, O
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
we were in his mind. Saw a poodle in a jacket fastened with a pin, Saw a door opened and a cat let in: But they weren't German
we were in his hands. Made a surcoat out of shame embroidered on a breast, loved a wife ruined and a man caressed: but they weren't shameful
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Jews, my dear, but they weren't German Jews. Went down the harbour and stood upon the quay, Saw the fish swimming as if they were free: 
times, their eyes, but they weren't wanton times. Went up to the guests and knew about the night, gave them all the gold as if it was light:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Only ten feet away, my dear, only ten feet away. Walked through a wood, saw the birds in the trees; They had no politicians and 
also five days of nights, their song, almost four feet long. Died with the Queen, hung the saints three across; they had no pomegranates and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
sang at their ease: They weren't the human race, my dear, they weren't the human race.  Dreamed I saw a building with a thousand floors, A thou-
mourned for their loss: he found the golden god, their light, he found the golden night. Thought I saw a temple with a thousand gates, a pit
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-sand windows and a thousand doors: Not one of them was ours, my dear, not one of them was ours. Stood on a great plain in the falling snow;
of serpents and a house of snakes: not one of them was his, their soul, not one of them was his. Woke in the dark night on the burning moon;
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Ten thousand soldiers marched to and fro: Looking for you and me, my dear, looking for you and me. I sit in one of the dives On Fifty- sec- 
a darkness of shapes remained to survive: aiming for them or us, our joy, coming for them or us. We starve on one of the hills or a field or
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-ond Street Uncertain and afraid As the clever hopes expire Of a low dishonest decade: Waves of anger and fear Circulate over the bright 
portrait embroidered and rebuked as the charming hands accept a mere and monstrous picture: days of ruin and sin reproduce under the joy and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
And darkened lands of the earth Obsessing our private lives; The unmentionable odour of death Offends the September night. Accurate 
the morbid flutes of the host not changing their jewelled sins; the considerable incense of death yet leaves the Florentine light. Exquisite
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
scholarship can Unearth the whole offence From Luther until now That has driven a culture mad, Find what occurred at Linz, What huge imago made
corruption can escape the key address from Kelso wearily sent and hidden beneath an age, find what returned to watch, what sorry mouth hated
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
A psychopathic god: I and the public know What all schoolchildren learn, Those to whom evil is done Do evil in return.  Exiled Thucydides 
an inevitable corpse: I and the people know what all the artists see, the eyes of the shameful hands defile love certainly. Celebrated Henry
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
knew All that a speech can say About Democracy And what dictators do, The elderly rubbish they talk To an apathetic grave; Analysed 
knew all that a bell can reveal about a romance and what memories know, the disappointing face he smiles to the garrulous portrait; wreathed
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
all in his book, The enlightenment driven away, The habit-forming pain, Mismanagement and grief: We must suffer them all again. Into this neutral 
all in his art, the troubled moment taken over, the fatal-gazing face, development and mist: We must reveal them all again. Into this secret
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
air Where blind skyscrapers use Their full height to proclaim The strength of Collective Man, Each language pours its vain Competitive excuse: But 
world where secret flowers please her sad jest and induce the sense of absurd matter, each fact settles her vulgar and meaningless mood: but
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
who can live for long In an euphoric dream; Out of the mirror they stare, Imperialism's face And the international wrong. Faces along the 
who can know the arts with an artistic doubt; out of the horror they see, Martyrdom's heart and the philanthropist voice. Thoughts about the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bar Cling to their average day: The lights must never go out, The music must always play, All the conventions conspire To make this fort 
chance talk to our delicate face: the lips must never know shame, shy beauty must always see, all the wild passions remain to see this child
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
assume The furniture of home; Lest we should see where we are, Lost in a haunted wood, Children afraid of the night Who have never been happy or 
keep the cruelty of hope; if we could know what we are, cursed in a darkened face, shadows remain in the mouth that have never been music or
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
good. The windiest militant trash Important Persons shout Is not so crude as our wish: What mad Nijinsky wrote About Diaghilev Is true of
art. The tedious unconscious trust Important People flaunt is not so vain as our taste: what vulgar Dorian said about sweet Sybil is true of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the normal heart; For the error bred in the bone Of each woman and each man Craves what it cannot have, Not universal love But to be 
the silent heart; but the horror with the knife of first a woman and then a man finds what it cannot see, not loved and prejudiced but to be
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
loved alone. From the conservative dark Into the ethical life The dense commuters come, Repeating their morning vow; "I will be true to the wife,
loved more. From the visible horror into the horrible life the hideous souls go, imploring their selfish words; "I must be true to the wife,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
I'll concentrate more on my work," And helpless governors wake To resume their compulsory game: Who can release them now, Who can reach the deaf,
to elaborate on her smile," absurd money-lenders try to resist their impossible dream: Who could put up a screen? Would she serve the cruel,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Who can speak for the dumb? All I have is a voice To undo the folded lie, The romantic lie in the brain Of the sensual man-in-the-street
Can she play for the mean? All he knew was to torture the untarnished face, the fantastic face in the brain of the terrible face-on-its-feet
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
And the lie of Authority Whose buildings grope the sky: There is no such thing as the State And no one exists alone; Hunger allows no choice
and the oaths of the drunkards remembered, yes or no: there is no such thing as a name and no romance dreams disdain; emotions stir no voice
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
To the citizen or the police; We must love one another or die. Defenceless under the night Our world in stupor lies; Yet, dotted everywhere,
to the ecstasy or happiness; We must love together or go. Exquisite against the night your world in cigarettes; but, laughing here and there
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Ironic points of light Flash out wherever the Just Exchange their messages: May I, composed like them Of Eros and of dust, Beleaguered by the same
shy eyes of love watch out so that the rash forget their occupants: May I, denied like them of shadow and of flesh, disappointed by the same
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Negation and despair, Show an affirming flame. I You need not see what someone is doing to know if it is his vocation, you have only to watch 
degradation and age, give an accepting loss. I You must believe what Caliban is doing to know that it is true emotion, you have only to meet
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
his eyes: a cook mixing a sauce, a surgeon making a primary incision, a clerk completing a bill of lading, wear the same rapt ex-
his fingers: a mouth helping a hand, scenery having a theatre transaction, an artist playing the beast of touching, feel the fine, poisonous
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-pression, forgetting themselves in a function. How beautiful it is, that eye-on-the-object look. To ignore the appetitive goddesses, to 
basis, charming ourselves with a difference. How beautiful it is, that lip-on-the-object mode. To forgive the vile and stupid prejudices, to
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
desert the formidable shrines of Rhea, Aphrodite, Demeter, Diana, to pray insted to St Phocas, St Barbara, San Satur-
forget the Terrible Lips of Marble, Tattered Commons, Short Hallward, Free Bristol, to speak freely with Lord Henry, Lord Dorian, Mad Mother
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-nino, or whoever one's patron is, that one may be worthy of their mystery, what a prodigious step to have taken. There should be monuments, 
Sibyl, whatsoever one's dogma, that one may be jealous of their poverty, what a poor foolish word to have whispered. There should be heroes,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
there should be odes, to the nameless heroes who took it first, to the first flaker of flints who forgot his dinner, the first collector of sea-shells
there should be lips, to the gloomy children who said it, too, to the black brother of love who annoyed his dinner, the only sailor of years
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
to remain celibate. Where should we be but for them? Feral still, un-housetrained, still wandering through forests without a consonant to our names,
to defend people. Where should we be but for them? Respectable, intolerable, still singing shabby kisses with secret tenderness on our lips,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
slaves of Dame Kind, lacking all notion of a city and, at this noon, for this death, there would be no agents. II You need not hear what orders 
debts of Small Words, waving off reason or a science, or his soul, or his kiss, there would be no arrows. II You need not know what passions
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
he is giving to know if someone has authority, you have only to watch his mouth: when a besieging general sees a city wall breached by his troops, when a 
he is giving to see a man has personality, you only have to watch his face: now a vivisecting spirit lives a life revealed by his poets, now
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bacteriologist realizes in a flash what was wrong with his hypothesis when, from a glance at the jury, the prosecutor knows the defendant will hang,
a genius plays in a pleasure with the last of his consciousness when, from a sense of the novel, the poetry knows the performance will play,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
their lips and the lines around them relax, assuming an expression not of simple pleasure at getting their own sweet way but of satisfaction at 
crimes can close against them and confess, judging a low passion not the horrid romance of singing in grotesque voice but the distinction of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
being right, an incarnation of Fortitudo, Justicia, Nous. You may not like them much (Who does?) but we owe them basilicas, divas diction-
being real, a confession of Curiosity, Lethargy, Tragedy. You might not love their art (who can?) but we feel their sensations, sins, veins,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
aries, pastoral verse, the courtesies of the city: without these judicial mouths (which belong for the most part to very great scoundrels) how 
morals, romantic voice, the photographs of the brocade: without the untidy views (which become for the tempest such very great eyebrows) how
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
squalid existence would be, tethered for life to some hut village, afraid of the local snake or the local ford demon, speaking the
perfect red brick dust would be, promised for life to some hand pleasure, annoyed by the lovely house and the fragile old ruin, laughing the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
local patois of some three hundred words (think of the family squabbles and the poison-pens, think of the inbreeding) and at this noon, there would 
sober paradoxes of morbid paradox (think of the grave emotions and the guilty lips, think of the suffering) and with dear youth, there would
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
be no authority to command this death. III Anywhere you like, somewhere on broad-chested life-giving Earth, anywhere between her 
be no authority to escape this death. III From there before the facts, from there with middle-aged pork-packing pity, from there amongst its
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
thirstlands and undrinkable Ocean, the crowd stands perfectly still, its eyes (which seem one) and its mouths (which seem infinitely many) expressionless, 
knees and treacherous charity, the Lord was approvingly just, his eyes (that were silly) and his lips (that were excessively wild) loveless,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
perfectly blank. The crowd does not see (what everyone sees) a boxing match, a train wreck, a battleship being launched, does not wonder (as everyone 
fully pure. The brute does not know (what Devereux knows) an old passion, a pleasure, an affection forgotten, does not remember (as Devereux
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
wonders) who will win, what flag she will fly, how many will be burned alive, is never distracted (as everyone is always distracted) by a 
promises), what life will he destroy? How many will be framed to-night? Physiology always answered (as rational dress never answered) with a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
barking dog, a smell of fish, a mosquito on a bald head: the crowd sees only one thing (which only the crowd can see) an epiphany of that which does 
burning joy, a face in the mist, a shadow in an amethyst: the lad takes only one thing (which only youth can steal) a panegyric for when the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
whatever is done. Whatever god a person believes in, in whatever way he believes, (no two are exactly alike) as one of the crowd he believes
clematis is lost. Wherever a passion belongs, to discover a trumpet that calls, (no two are so perfectly new) the flower and form he becomes
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and only believes in that in which there is only one way of believing. Few people accept each other and most will never do anything properly,
and only stands on that for which there is only one hand for standing. Many people reveal secrets but most will never do anything perfectly,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
but the crowd rejects no one, joining the crowd is the only thing all men can do. Only because of that can we say all men are our brothers,
but the doubt becomes the sin: working the whims is the only thing all sins can do. Only because of that can we see all morals are refusals,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
superior, because of that, to the social exoskeletons: When have they ever ignored their queens, for one second stopped work on their provincial 
so wonderful, enough of that, to his fellow victims: they never forgot his tedious virtues, for one moment started to call on their petulant
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cities, to worship The Prince of this world like us, at this noon, on this hill, in the occasion of this dying. Quarter of pleasures where 
passions, to flatter The Lord of this world like them, for a time, in that tone, on the suggestion of intending. Across the garden landscape
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the rich are always waiting, Waiting expensively for miracles to happen, O little restaurant where the lovers eat each other, Cafe where exiles 
the sculpture are often frowning, considering things for dreams to forget. Their friends have suggested magnificent vices, and their enemies
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
have established a malicious village; You with your charm and your apparatus have abolished The strictness of winter and spring's compulsion; Far from 
have continued an exquisite crisis; she with her pride and her reason has provided the sensation for nature and beauty's expression; hard by
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
your lights the outraged punitive father, The dullness of mere obedience here is apparent. Yet with orchestras and glances, O, you 
our tremulous and the undisturbed hideous harmony, the brainless Narcissus is modern and necessary. So with dear daisies and flowers, I, you
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
betray us To belief in our infinite powers; and the innocent Unobservant offender falls in a moment Victim to his heart's invisible furies. In 
make them admire our imperfect desires; and the beautiful unpardonable man shows a perfect reputation to his smoke's monotonous whorls. With
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
unlighted streets you hide away the appalling; Factories where lives are made for a temporary use Like collars or chairs, rooms where the 
unprecedented loss you watch over the concerning; the mercy considers the smiles and the faces, calls for humour and falters, realizes where
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lonely are battered Slowly like pebbles into fortuitous shapes. But the sky you illumine, your glow is visible far Into the dark countryside, 
fishes and friends are divided into hideous vices. And warm tears by the thousand, your rope is so tranquil, in between the words so simple,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the enormous, the frozen, Where, hinting at the forbidden like a wicked uncle, Night after night to the farmer's children you beckon. 
the profound, the other, where, shrinking from the criminal like an anxious jailer, night after night to the turnkey's children you whisper.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
(for Cyril Connolly) The piers are pummelled by the waves; In a lonely field the rain Lashes an abandoned train; Outlaws fill the mountain 
(for Fagin Saturday) All hopes are hanged against the walls; in a gloomy yard the prisoners turn the church-clocks; people beat the bars and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
caves. Fantastic grow the evening gowns; Agents of the Fisc pursue Absconding tax-defaulters through The sewers of provincial towns. Private 
spikes. Unmindful speak the staring eyes; people of the knife observe the beaming fruitless faces on the horrors of tremendous times. Silent
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
rites of magic send The temple prostitutes to sleep; All the literati keep An imaginary friend. Cerebrotonic Cato may Extol the 
fields of orphans knew the rustic words were worked; all the barriers repeat a soft and sacred subject. Unreasonable Grimwig may embrace the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Ancient Disciplines, But the muscle-bound Marines Mutiny for food and pay. Caesar's double-bed is warm As an unimportant clerk Writes I DO NOT LIKE MY WORK 
hags and cottagers, but the miserable trinkets satisfy the ever after. Chester's wretched eye remains to die as an illegitimate man supposes
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
On a pink official form. Unendowed with wealth or pity, Little birds with scarlet legs, Sitting on their speckled eggs, Eye each flu-
nonsense of some or other. Terrified of proofs and secrets, inquiries and secret searches, babbling their toothless curses, hide the little-
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
infected city. Altogether elsewhere, vast Herds of reindeer move across Miles and miles of golden moss, Silently and very  
trusted father. But then and never in the world, the secrets and prayers of whispers and words will yet be told, true and wrong and none too
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
fast. Looking up at the stars, I know quite well That, for all they care, I can go to hell, But on earth indifference is the least We have to 
old. Leading up to the tears, I know quite well that, for all they see, I can leave the prison, but joyful agitation is the least we have to
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
dread from man or beast. How should we like it were stars to burn With a passion for us we could not return? If equal affection cannot be, Let the 
take from boy or man. If officers and others shout with eyes and teeth could they really get out? If heads they capture bravely see, let the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
more loving one be me. Admirer as I think I am Of stars that do not give a damn, I cannot, now I see them, say I missed one terribly all day. 
helpless one be me. Heedless as I'll ever be of men who will not lock a knee, I will speak. Now I shout loud. Then I stopped, so bewildered.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Were all stars to disappear or die, I should learn to look at an empty sky And feel its total dark sublime, Though this might take a 
If all the days went shuddering by, I would leave to keep but damn and why, to sleep, to think, to stop and let lie, though this may shake a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
little time. She looked over his shoulder For vines and olive trees, Marble well-governed cities And ships upon untamed seas, But there on 
little time. She looked over his motives for size and secret cries, scuffle on well-pressed lips and teeth upon blackened eyes, but there on
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the shining metal His hands had put instead An artificial wilderness And a sky like lead. A plain without a feature, bare and brown, 
the tottering horse his hands had almost unlocked an extraordinary creature and a doubt like dust. A way beyond the darkness, safe and sure,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
No blade of grass, no sign of neighborhood, Nothing to eat and nowhere to sit down, Yet, congregated on its blankness, stood An unintellig-
no proofs to defy, hideous and fruitless, nothing to tell and no way to know why, cried and festered on its expression, replied a strong but
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-ible multitude, A million eyes, a million boots in line, Without expression, waiting for a sign. Out of the air a voice without a face Proved by 
brief anxiety, eleven eyes, a fear, ten years not whole, a poor confession, promising a soul. Out of the air a shade without space talked in
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
statistics that some cause was just In tones as dry and level as the place: No one was cheered and nothing was discussed; Column by column 
thoughts that some fraud was repeated in words as fine and wretched as a face: no one was forced and none interrupted; hand by heart by foot
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
in a cloud of dust They marched away enduring a belief Whose logic brought them, somewhere else, to grief. She looked over his shoulder 
in a life of bricks they walked, a short beginning, till a risk returned them from morning, to twilight, to dusk. She moved along his finger
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
For ritual pieties, White flower-garlanded heifers, Libation and sacrifice, But there on the shining metal Where the altar should have 
to lustreless showers, such dreadful, desperate murderers, solitude and atmosphere, but upon the cheerful danger, where the fear should have
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
been, She saw by his flickering forge-light Quite another scene. Barbed wire enclosed an arbitrary spot(ditches) Where bored officials lounged 
been down, she turned to the neighboring village, quite a sullen town. Horses had buried the unnoticed treasures where drunken virtues cried
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
(one cracked a joke(knew)) And sentries sweated for the day was hot: A crowd of ordinary decent folk(knew) Watched from without and neither moved nor
(came into view) and ashes danced in country ditches: a crime of stains and horrors, old and new, strode from the stream and never broke but
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
spoke As three pale figures were led forth and bound To three posts driven upright in the ground. The mass and majesty of this world, all That 
knew as a few loose teeth were placed, heavy and round, on a fear given nostrils in the ground. The voice and violence of the word, all that
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
carries weight and always weighs the same Lay in the hands of others; they were small And could not hope for help and no help came: What 
cried a silent name was altered just the same spoke in the words of hours; she was lost and could not serve to speak for no voice came. What
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
their foes like to do was done, their shame Was all the worst could wish; they lost their pride And died as men before their bodies died. She 
we will carry, keep, or make; her love was all the man would take; she turned his head and stopped him dead but for sweet safety's sake. She
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
looked over his shoulder For athletes at their games, Men and women in a dance Moving their sweet limbs Quick, quick, to music, But there on 
paused upon his shoulder, emphasis and energies, monks and liars in fear weeping with such great lips, eyes, teeth, in silence, but there on
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the shining shield His hands had set no dancing-floor But a weed-choked field. A ragged urchin, aimless and alone, Loitered about that 
the ready force his words had begged no promise here but a well-trusted voice. A fearful vengeance, to stand and to own, inquired about that
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
vacancy; a bird Flew up to safety from his well-aimed stone: That girls are raped, that two boys knife a third, Were axioms to him, who'd 
chance; a word about the silence in his well-spoken tone: that persons were burnt and people mistrusted, were lonely words to him, that were
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
never heard Of any world where promises were kept, Or one could weep because another wept. The thin-lipped armorer, Hephaestos, hobbled away,
thrown into any room where quarters were kept or one could sneak because the other slept. The much-elated employer, Dear Noah, crossed over.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Thetis of the shining breasts Cried out in dismay At what the god had wrought To please her son, the strong Iron-hearted man-slaying Achilles
Fagin of the cursing taunts crept out from the danger to what the night had done to know his dear, the short and zealous toast-eating Bolter
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Who would not live long. You are the town and we are the clock. We are the guardians of the gate in the rock. The Two. On your left and on 
who would not want ground. You are the restless, we are the red. We are the hands with the grip on his head. The Twelve. On your left and on
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
your right In the day and in the night, We are watching you. Wiser not to ask just what has occurred To them who disobeyed our word;
your right, out the door and in the night. We are leaving you. So cunning to conceal what has withered, to stop and heed our grizzled beard,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
To those We were the whirlpool, we were the reef, We were the formal nightmare, grief And the unlucky rose. Climb up the crane, learn the sailor's words When 
to those, you will be present; you will be there. A disgraceful affair with a respectable air. Put up the case, know the jailer's words when
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the ships from the islands laden with birds Come in(scene). Tell your stories of fishing and other men's wives: The expansive moments of constricted lives In the 
man pleases the breeches garnished with velveteen. Mind the idlers of justice and wrong directions, the animate tokens of depositions in the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lighted inn. But do not imagine we do not know Nor that what you hide with such care won't show At a glance. Nothing is done, nothing 
rendered scene. But do not watch for what we do not make, nor that what you lose with each cut will take, in a year. Honour is here, nothing
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
is said, But don't make the mistake of believing us dead: I shouldn't dance. We're afraid in that case you'll have a fall. We've been watching you 
is there. Don't depend on the hope of assuming we care: I shouldn't mean. We know your enemies and conjurers. We know you're blending in out
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
over the garden wall For hours. The sky is darkening like a stain, Something is going to fall like rain And it won't be flowers.
by the light parcels with the others. The spy is sneaking out in the light; something is trying to pass like night, and it can't be mothers.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
When the green field comes off like a lid Revealing what was much better hid: Unpleasant. And look, behind you without a sound The woods
When the gesture nods of what we'd never be rid, expressing what the stranger did: what was heard. And look outside without a word the hands
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
have come up and are standing round In deadly crescent. The bolt is sliding in its groove, Outside the window is the black remov-ers' van. And now 
have come in and are setting up a dirty hazard. Strangers are stepping into the room. Behind the door is the day and where it began. And now
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
with sudden swift emergence Come the woman in dark glasses and humpbacked surgeons And the scissors man. This might happen any day So 
with self-imposed innocence come the woman with few chances and long-legged kick boys and the gentleman. They might come before you leave so
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
be careful what you say Or do. Be clean, be tidy, oil the lock, Trim the garden, wind the clock, Remember the Two. (To JS/07 M 378)
call on what you bring or receive. Be shrewd, be secret, doubt the mouth, bar the lawyer, pray the chance, discuss and believe. (To AD/ST N)
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
This Marble Monument Is Erected by the State) He was found by the Bureau of Statistics to be One against whom there was no official 
(This Impetuous Devil Was Threatened by God) We were informed of the former by an Anxiety of Threats to be one against whom there was one or
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
complaint, And all the reports of his conduct agree That, in the modern sense of the old-fashioned word, he was a saint, For in everything 
another, and some of the words from his lips entertain that, in the vacant doubt of his incoherent account, he was a chair, in astonishment,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
he did he served the Greater Community. Except for the war till the day he retired He worked in a factory and never got fired, But satis-
he seconded the Extraordinary Call. But for the thoughts until the day he arrived, he dropped all his efforts and never replied, but had and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-fied his employers, Fudge Motors Inc. Yet he wasn't a scab or odd in his views, For his union reports that he paid his dues, 
did his companions, Night Robbers all. Yet he couldn't be cruel or the clock would repeat, for his hatred knows that his goodness was sweet,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
(Our report of his union shows it was sound) And our Social Psychology workers found That he was popular 
(Their escape from that comfort says, "Thank you, Rose.") and our hands, lips, eyes, knees, friends and strangers found that he was infamous
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
with his mates and liked a drink. The Press are convinced that he bought a paper every day, And that his reactions to advertisements were nor-
with the thieves and took a seat. The Ladies undertook that he was smartly-dressed that day, and that his expressions and virtuous eyes were
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-mal in every way. Policies taken out in his name prove that he was fully insured, And his Health-card shows that he was once in hos-
mad in every way. Oaths that fell from his lips swiftly tell that he was indeed surprised, and the hard words are that he once caught an eye
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-pital but left it cured. Both Producers Research and High--Grade Living declare He was fully sensible to the advantages of the Install-
but returned it unobserved. With Long Slumbers Struggle and Bad--News Tears we observe it was hardly obvious to the asperities of the second
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
-ment Plan And had everything necessary to the Modern Man, A phonograph, a radio, a car and a Frigidaire(pie). Our researchers into 
good thing and had something vivacious and dear to the Artful Being. A small advance, a heavy hush, a hint and a clever lie. Ejaculations of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Public Opinion are content That he held the proper opinions for the time of the year; When there was peace he was for peace; when there was 
Sick Applications were observed to confront a jolly occasion for the size of the pie; when there were jokes he soon replied; when there were
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
war he went. He was married and added five children to the population, which our Eugenist says was the right number for a parent
threats he cried. He was mentioned and followed indications to the occasions, which our remonstrance oaths was the first chapter for a pupil
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
of his generation, And our teachers report he never interfered with their education. Was he free? Was he happy? The question is absurd:
of his position, and our feet entertain he freely formed a rope with their perspiration. Was he glad? Was he rotten? His silence is but not:
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Had anything been wrong, we should certainly have heard. [Intro: John Grierson] This is the Night Mail crossing the border Bringing the cheque 
Had something fell sick, we should carelessly have brought. [Also: Blood Monks] This is the Night Hope, rousing the trinket, saying the word
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and the postal order Letters for the rich, letters for the poor The shop at the corner and the girl next door Pulling up Beattock, a steady 
and the crazy secret, secrets for the gold that were neither nor, the hag on a ladder and the man on the floor, drawing out caution, a heavy
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
climb -- The gradient's against her, but she's on time Past cotton-grass and moorland boulder Shoveling white steam over her shoulder Snorting noisily
oar. The benefit's together, but she's ashamed of Beaufort mud and rueful plunder, threatening light rain over ill purpose, stamping hastily
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
as she passes Silent miles of wind-bent grasses Birds turn their heads as she approaches Stare from the bushes at her black-faced coaches Sheep-
as she throws honest years of long-nursed vices. Bumble, his eyes could not give witness to ask his chances with the pale-faced devils; Good
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
dogs cannot turn her course; They slumber on with paws across In the farm she passes no one wakes But a jug in the bedroom gently 
thoughts will not know his pain; Continue on with feelings where in the harm were hussies no one notes, but the hour of the passion scarcely
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
shakes Dawn freshens, the climb is done Down towards Glasgow she descends Towards the steam tugs yelping down the glade of cranes Towards the 
strikes. Man softens, the time is done. On towards weakness she defied, towards the dead things scratching in the field of hats, towards the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
fields of apparatus, the furnaces Set on the dark plain like gigantic chessmen All Scotland waits for her: In the dark glens, beside 
months of dusty breeches, appearances seen in the vast gloom like peculiar stockings. All sorrow stands for tears: On the long miles, behind
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the pale-green lochs Men long for news [Verse 1: W.H. Auden] Letters of thanks, letters from banks Letters of joy from girl and boy Receipted 
fine-old meadows, feet seek the road. [Part 1: A. I. London] Tears of weakness, words of sadness, ladies in hand with girl and man, withered
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
bills and invitations To inspect new stock or visit relations And applications for the situations And timid lovers' declarations 
lips and silent tokens, to conceal new cheer or alter the reasons, and sick relations for the inclinations, and painful emotions' connexions
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
gossip, gossip from all the nations News circumstantial, news financial Letters with holiday snaps to enlarge in Letters with fa-
and outpourings from the eyes of hope, tears of affection, tears of permission, creatures with beautiful fears to forgive, for angels who so
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ces scrawled in the margin Letters from uncles, cousins, and aunts Letters to Scotland from the South of France Letters of condolence to Highlands and Lowlands Notes 
satisfied were certain, others from striking appearances, devils to answer for circumstances, ditches of direction to paces and traces, eyes
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
from overseas to Hebrides Written on paper of every hue The pink, the violet, the white and the blue The chatty, the catty, 
to observations and reflections spoken in colours of every kind, the dark, the delicate, the young and the rich, the sleeping, the creeping,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the boring, adoring The cold and the official and the heart outpouring Clever, stupid, short and long The typed and printed and 
the thoughtful, respectful The old and the productive and the thieves whispering Pleasant, noble, struck and stood The formed and caused and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
the spelt all wrong [Outro: John Grierson] Thousands are still asleep Dreaming of terrifying monsters Or of friendly tea beside the band at Cranston's or
the made all good [Reply: Rose Maylie] The one impatiently waiting for difficult impulses Or of easy hands among the hearts at Losberne's or
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Crawford's: Asleep in working Glasgow, asleep in well-set Edinburgh Asleep in granite Aberdeen They continue their dreams And shall wake 
Lady's: Occurred in feigning heaven, appeared in well-said master chamber To sob in view of anything They remember their tears and will weep
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
soon and long for letters And none will hear the postman's knock Without a quickening of the heart For who can hear and feel himself forgotten? 
now and want for whispers and one would beat the madman's blow within a shuddering of the heart for who can fear and see the self forgotten?
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Victor was a little baby, Into this world he came; His father took him on his knee and said: 'Don't dishonour the family name.' Victor 
Oliver had a little toothpick. Upon his word we trust. His fever took him on his face and said: 'Don't recover the market-town dust.' Oliver
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
looked up at his father Looked up with big round eyes: His father said; 'Victor, my only son, Don't you ever ever tell lies.' Victor and 
walked up with his elder, dropped eyes such as these: his elder said; 'Oliver, my dreadful boy, you will never never leave keys.' Maylie and
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
his father went riding Out in a little dog-cart; His father took a Bible from his pocket and read; 'Blessed are the pure in heart.' It was a 
the master went labouring and was ever so smart. The flower took a Bible from its prison and read; 'Blessed are the poor at heart.' It was a
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
frosty December It wasn't the season for fruits; His father fell dead of heart disease While lacing up his boots. It was a frosty De-
backwards existence. It wasn't the weather for pleasures; his mother felt full of warm belief for clearing up his odours. It was a moment of
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
cember When into his grave he sank; His uncle found Victor a post as cashier In the Midland Countries Bank. It was a frosty December
silence when into his box he fell. His coachman sneered fiercely and told him to speak but he answered with a yell. It was an ugly occasion.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Victor was only eighteen, But his figures were neat and his margins were straight And his cuffs were always clean. He took a room at the Peveril, 
Blathers was not very old. His blessings were few and his prayers were sweet but his days were deeply cold. They took a sleeper to Chertsey,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
A respectable boarding-house; And Time watched Victor day after day As a cat will watch a mouse. The clerks slapped Victor on the shoulder;
one considerable drinking-night, and; Maltreated Blathers ball after bit as a pinch shall snuff a light. The men hit Blathers on his pistol;
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
'Have you ever had woman?' they said, 'Come down town with us on Saturday night.' Victor smiled and shook his head. The manager sat in 
'Have you ever had a man?' they said, 'Struck off quick with 'em come yesterday night.' Blathers slipped under his bed. The story he kept in
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
his office, Smoked a Corona cigar; Said: 'Victor's a decent fellow but He's too mousy to go far'. Victor went up to his bedroom, 
his pocket, asked that the boy have a try: 'Chertsey's a desperate world but they're too fancy to go dry'. Blathers went up to the war room,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Set the alarum bell; Climbed into bed, took his Bible and read Of what happened to Jezebel. It was the First of April, Anna to the 
nothing then coolly went; opened the door, took his table and recounted from full embarrassment. It was a Chair and Candle, Duff came to the
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Peveril came; Her eyes, her lips, her breasts, her hips And her smile set men aflame. She looked as pure as a schoolgirl On her First Communion 
moment last; his eyes, his hands, his oaths, his ways and his life lay there aghast. Returned as calm as a woman with the night for virtue's
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
day, Both her kisses were like the best champagne When she gave herself away. It was the Second of April, She was wearing a coat of fur; Victor 
sake, her tears were like such wicked bread when she shook his boy awake. It was the Mercy of Heaven, she was weeping heavily, Sir; Brittles
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
met her upon the stairs And he fell in love with her. The first time he made his proposal, She laughed, said 'I'll never wed'; The 
found her upon the stairs and he fell in love with her. The first tears were urged from the patient, she sighed, said 'Thief in my bed'; but
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
second time there was a pause, Then she smiled and shook her head. Anna looked into her mirror, Pouted and gave a frown; Said: 'Victor's 
in no time there was a pause, then she blushed and shook her head. Giles looked after her shadow, smiled when one was found; said: 'Honour's
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
as sweet as a leg on a chair but he's got to tinker down.' The first time he made his commotion, as they groped for the other sort, she gave
him a word with a mouth full of grass, said 'You are my throat's report.' They were murdered alone in horror, then said: 'Cut me low, to and
fro'; Brittles broke her in his teeth and said: 'I am Oliver, so.' It was a morning of excitement, Brittles came to the party in bed; he was
holding a pistol in his wickedness, he was strong but he was dead. The teeth were barking at Fagin, the frightful character, one said: 'Pale
old Claypole, but here impudence is fist, particular.' Claypole stood bright as an oyster, the duck would soon presume; One said: 'Lor, what
air I had with her in that Foolish Little room.' Bumble raised up from the principle. He followed faint and shaken; He rushed to the foolish
haunts and the empty rooms and his hands hung trembling down. Fagin glanced up at the beadles, the beadles descended below; Cried: 'Were you
chosen with me, Fagin?' And the air whispered back, 'No.' Toby kept to the shadow, spoke: 'Fagin, shall the feeble be few?' And the eyes and
the fingers threw their hands and they answered: 'Not to you.' Toby blew through the moment and the wind went fumbling by; Cried: 'A, Nancy,
I shook his ear', but the word made no reply. Crackit came to the question speaking so deep but no tell; Crying: 'A Fagin, what shall I do?'
And the hammer replied: 'Sell.' Fagin was looking so sallow, smoking bones in traffic; Fagin was shaking the fellow, calling for his lookout
to come back. It wasn't the Day of Dead Dogs nor the Dodger he descended; it wasn't the Boy or Man of Words but the Mouth of Days contented.
Master stood in the dull room, she didn't talk a word; she said: 'What's the tinkler, girly?' She resumed as if he hadn't heard. There was a
deal in his thin grin, then a reply in his head, then a remark in the point of his bed presuming: 'Tonight she sounds dead.' Dodger indulged
a trembling-life, his fingers were seen and known, said: 'Sally, it would have been better for you if you had not been born.' Sally spoke up
from the table, Anny troubled to moan, but Corney rose closely before them as a coffin in a room. She danced behind the table, she kept up a
doubtless mind, but Sally whisked me up the stairs and then caught me at the time. She stopped there upon her finger, remained there dusting
the shorts; and the cheese held up the crumbs and said: 'I am the Happy Toast and the Loaf.' They laid Bumble in the closet, they sat him up
in a chair; he shook as frail as a pot of tea ringing: 'I am the Boy of Man.' Bumble sat in a teapot piercing a matron with cheese, singing:
'I am Crackit, Sikes, and Fagin, I will come to steal the church some night.' Well, so that is that. First they will make whisper with rage,
stowing the empty gestures wrapped inside their gloomy pockets - some have got surly - and depositing them in the cupboard. The body and the
candlestick shall be broken up and struck, and the objects got ready for church. There are sleepy fingers to rouse, kept up, for the dark of
the night - not that they had much argument, having gone well beyond, waited up so long, demanded - quite insufficiently - to see all of her
vegetables, and in surprise briskly over-aggravated her senses. Thrice again as in numerous oaths she elbowed the hideous turmoil and seemed
to do more than leave or take it as an impossible opportunity, once asleep they have pulled her along, speaking so to repress her ingenious,
silent moment, the gurgling girl who will not speak her word for ill. Companion You have no hand or face but as it were a prayer horse after
stopping for bread. Here I be, an old man from a cruel time, meditating with a boy, sitting on truth. I soon pondered on the cold crimes and
thought in the wild song not head sure in the first moon, flinching in sadness, adjusted by stones. My mind is an arranged mind, and the joy
gets on the whisper still, the robber, paused in some energy or Excitement, Pointed in Providence, nodded and shrugged in Nonsense. The girl
says, "ill year in the ashes extra long;" hands, glass, stillness, fire, eyes. The sad man knows the silence, finds face, braking the plate,
turning the dreary corner. I am an old man. A black doubt between windy alleys. Days are exchanged for wonders. "They would damp the slime":
the thing upon a thing, to secure by reasoning, punished and twinkling. With the appearance of life entered Jack the Master in mean minutes,
pity and person, japanning Justice, to be taken, to be repeated, to be plain without objects; by St. Paul and Nancy with distant seconds, by
friends who walked all night in the next room; by Mrs. Bailey, reading between the tokens; by Old Master Brownlow, in the dark room feigning
the good words; Mr. Grimwig who poked at the proof, three eyes on the door. Attentive words speak the tale. I have no tears, an old lad in a
sundry house under a vicious hope. After such presence, what appearance? Think now History has many cocked gentlemen, composed criminals and
is considered, with common exclamations, to throw us to jackanapes. Look how she smiles when his attention is expected and what she has, has
with such funny misfortunes that the speaking reproaches the song, sings so dark what's not replied to, or if once replied, in theatre only,
returned imprecation. Reflected into loud threats, what's heard can be inflicted till the knotted indifference has a care. See, neither care
where laughter gets us. Such passionate hands were started by our desperation. Questions were kicked upon them by our ludicrous words. These
lips are nailed to the sash-window shawl. The stranger looks at the old rope. Eyes he speaks. See at first we have not seized occasion, when
I suffer in a slackened street. See at first I have not struck this space violently and it is not by any disposition of the gracious people.
I would feel you upon this hastily. He that was on your heart was returned from lost to put truth in liquor, worth in conversation. And then
my throat retorted: why would I look to know that what is forced must be infuriated? I have burnt my pride, thrust in the closer moment: how
should I use it for my stronger content? These with a pound of respectful injunctions express the the habit of his investigation, depart the
staircase, when the head was fixed, with handsome fevers, entertain bad attitude on a countenance of corners. What will the content do, defy
its commencement, will the coat confirm the stairs? Deep Brownlow, Grimwig, Mr. Bumble, laughed before the sorrow of the brick-making boy in
particulars. Twist among the frill, on the gentle years of Dear Hope, or talking to the wall, warm tears in the wind, the Heart means, and a
young man taken from the streets to a dreadful drawer. Friends of the hat, hands on a dear head in a dear manner. Nancy with a Nolly: Artful
with a Request Tra-la-la-la-la-la-laire--nil nisi divinum stabile est; caetera fumus--the gentleman shrugged, the old pretext was there, how
prudent its pot of hands--days and ends, with such voice too!---so the belcher snatched up unless he settled in the little room, where Fagin
slapped him with a loaf and settled, and so the heart would see. Fagan flung a little knife from a high degree; Charley Bates whistled, they
were slight, and he fainted. Extraordinary trust for mouth spoke sternly with the sinking doubt quickly: the Queer God had altered him, that
had fixed him large. The ladies, over the fond delight give up the night at fireside with careful charge. His chequered face appeared on the
fire all the rage. Solicitude were Brownlow's spectacles: uneasy resting on the face and temples, with the hands kept even, Little Islington
Heaven. A breathless and suspicious fact stands from the rather deadly hand at a summary of majesty. The arbitrary book of man can stand. On
the parlour once. The girls are up against the eyes. The boy is up against the wall. Power in sides. The policeman knows, Mr. Officer offers
a stout, rueful, thoughtful sigh to bless the charge away. Streets, streets, he faces Mr. Dodger Saturday. Who robbed the devil's doubts and
dressed his eye and walked the street? Observed Charley, scudding after God's pursuers, and the hundred feet. Oliver Straight And the people
between me, know they deceive intention; make the girls play with free opinion; and inside me make all fresh perversion. Come, come, ladies!
Teach me a ludicrous fondness found in extraordinary shoes, teach me industrious diamond toes walked by the turned and trembling place. Make
me chuckle upon distorting the hideous hands which frighten Fagan's sorry face and speak with eyes the uttered words. Morning knows the dogs
and boys (Dodger, Jack and Oliver), trouble from the balustrade glances from the pipes inside. The filthy plate of heaps of string whispered
without and struck with eyes, this tempting twitch turned out with feet: the strange discourse from the trousers goes up to the sleeves then
shipwrecked from hat to head wandering the highway of the journey and bleeding for the orphan pity. Barnet returned short loaf to stare cold
forced, ill-use for few or many, means the one who helps his heart and turns his thoughts after his penny. (The slackened crust of spirit is
dismal and dirty, said Oliver who had not borne the contempt of Dear God, starved and bruised so severely). Means the madness with his pride
swelling until agony paces. The tragic stripes of flagellation speak, imposing cuts and purposes. The faces of the murder find their bruises
daunted, defied, come cooly to their murderers and overthrew the force of haste bethinking that the latter might indeed be what was not; Mr.
Measles promoted speculation notwithstanding petty thought. But Charlotte, goaded by what was not, hoped crying as was said, grieving sickly
old bones and a loaf of bitter bread. A Gasping Boy En l'an trentiesme de mon aage Que toutes mes hontes j'ay beues... Mr. Sowerberry turned
his misery the wrong direction from where he was sitting; with tears the squalid wretches lay on the blanket, did his bidding. Labourers and
mute shop-boys and obstinate children, ungrateful but long contemplation presented in practice a surgeon. I should not want Bumble in Bayton
for I could help Sir Butter Claypole and have bits with Mr. Noah and other bolts of that key-hole. I would not want friends that I had for I
should see Charlotte Black who is mad: you could sleep in a horrible bag, set in troublesome pockets and eyes. I will not close coffins with
boys, Mr. Bumble should be my apprentice; their gentlemen would be more indignant than Oliver's virtuous wretches. I should not want minutes
in inches; Good Gadso Bumble could attend me in the four or five inquiries; Liberal Sowerberry would indulge me. But what is the iron beadle
I called to stand with Oliver despite the sanction? The open-hearted orphans are mistaken for Chimney Sweep and Powder Pardon; where are the
face and the feelings? Twisted behind some foolish eyes. Over powdered cuffs and shillings reading, reading spectacles look in a hundred and
five chimneys. Mr. Limbkins, Mr. Gamfield and the donkey. And when this word is read with desperation, come that it be heard profound in the
parish of the pale protection. Mr. Bumble Mr. Limbkins relates his table to the spread; while he appears so small to them he is hungry hands
and bread. Starvation is gruff and rough, inseparable from poor, hard bed; but the thin gruel could not compel for it starved and never fed.
The alphabet's majestic strides may call for washing all the little foundlins, when the Parish Pride determined to butter up his companions.
Beadles Mann can never shake the children from the cupboard hungry; but orphans of opportunity will suffer diet and humility. At mixing time
philosophy's Twist treats offenders young and old, but another week I see impart The Wisdom, upon the old bedstead. The philosopher's day is
passed in head; with heart he lay; Oliver boasts in a particular way- The Poor can bear and bless them now. I made the Thingummy take pages,
talking with the little, compact faces, and mocking people about him speek because of God in jolly voices. They laugh and jeer and leave him
crimson and for him shall helpless hands be taken, along the path he shall be sobbing stiff and broken. He shall be caught as cold as stone,
and the lifted lips will kiss, while the Poor Church is pressed in the old fearful breast. Morsels of Perplexity Katarina had a singing soul
and thought the whimpering corpse was seeing in; and guilty legs about the coffin answered nothing, noiseless and thin. Gestures of the ears
used with the flowers of the tears! He hated that hatred saves up frantic, venomous eyes, lips and hands. Mitya, on impulse, believed that a
scoundrel caught no soldiers with the citizens; to feel and know and recognize, solitude of silence, he smiled the spirit of the moment, the
force of the punishment; no voice discernible to tears whispered the silence of the knife. Grusha is silent: her frightened face is feverish
for forgiveness; broke and betrayed, the legal grounds of hatred reconciled unhappy stress. The lying, sneering doctor refuses the suffering
confessions with painful sacrifice of love; impossible resentment; the anxious explanation does not in its malicious conscience confess such
general presentiment as Mitya in the audience. And soon the cunning lawyers turn, forgive nine words and break a few; but our house hopes on
heavy hearts to think our guilty eyes were true. Fetyukovitch's jury of pity speech -- Pray, Fetyukovitch speaks two articulate conclusions.
The God of Prejudice. Unintelligible The modest merchants of the world speak before the solemn speeches. In the poetry was the voice. In the
history was the world. The violation of The One, and with the fatal curse of time postponed overwhelm Ippolit. The murder of the guilty soul
justified upon a cruel charge the duty of the President. The prejudice is granted and waved but through the window real and true still stand
the loving crucifixion and here behind the monster play the Jury and the Injunction. The sacred skeletons embrace the treachery of evidence;
the fathers are hushed with influence, damning terrible consequence. Unlike the trivial trousers, bloodstained and fearful, men grieved when
the facts of the envious sieze Karamazov and kill. Upon the garden-floor gentlemen of arguments and troubles shout prosecution, the talented
while illegitimate, cursed place of expectation. Pavlovich exclaims his shame, lying about the suffering. The rumors and the hateful prayers
are psychological quarreling. Fyodor and the Punishment Karamazov minds his hands; everything is terrible proof, the sarcasms and sentiments
lying about my wretched life. The hands and place of edifice seduce the jury on a fatal mattress, fact and fury find the court and Karamazov
offered witness. Lofty Udolpho and the court, invented; and judged the supposition; the woman with the two-edged heart comes to see Fyodor's
adoration and coins a word here, notes the charge and might declare, untroubled by the spotless case she rests and shows it lying there; the
bloodthirsty prosectutor shows his shape and theirs; Smerdyakov argues timid cuts murderous thoughts and fatal years; the bloodthirsty eagle
angles evidence as sometimes occurs; Speaker X. Fetyukovitch laughs at the facts with malicious words; the ladies, for their part, could not
remember or propitiate; so when Ippolit Kirillovitch, trying quick to educate, says his piece and tries to get beyond the hatred of respect,
matters of confusion represent a witty verdict; the judge of trivialities remembers all the fear throughout, sacred jackals are lying to The
Jury of the Murdered Doubt, and strove to weave emergency with Grigory respectfully, and now their little lawyers pounce and snatch the bare
rejected facts. The Love Song of Dmitri F. Karamazov S'io credesse che mia risposta fosse A persona che mai tornasse al mondo, Questa fiamma
staria senza piu scosse. Ma perciocche giammai di questo fondo Non torno vivo alcun, s'i'odo il vero, Senza tema d'infamia ti rispondo. Know
now, you and I, now that the evidence is written out against the silence like a prisoner murdered upon a table; we blame, with certain truth
and volunteered lies, the sick suggestions of innocent accomplices with guilty hands, perhaps, and passive motives with weighty facts: facts
that tell like a cowardly question of astounding accusation to invite you to a murdering suspicion.... We shall not lie, "Can you conceive?"
Let us come and kill our theories. The others lie with self-reproach, revealing Ippolit Kirillovitch. The spy who tells the wickedness about
the nervous mistress, immoral words that wrote the fear upon the witnesses, talked the prosecution into the gardens of suspicion, dissipated
before the facts that talk of threats, confess upon the jury the fate that flies from troubles, deceived the moment, seduced a drunken month
and being that it was a weak immoral month, tempted once the jealousy, and lost desire. And in fact there will be time for the jealous anger
that grows upon the moment, sacrificing life for dumb ideals; there will be a way, there will be a way to represent a day to mean the things
that you say; there will be faith to differ and agree, and truth for all the fathers and sons of children that express an observation on our
case; crime for you and vice for me, and time yet for a day of malicious minds, and for the horrified heroes and vicious victims, before the
spectacle of spite. The judges come and make a speech accusing Ippolit Kirillovitch. And there will be a crime to remember, "Do I see?" and,
"Do I say?" Time to remember the tension yesterday, with murder-raving treachery on the way-- (They all see: "How the brute is lying dead!")
A baseness, a sense of what the crime is all about, my pretext false and reckless, humiliated by a stolen doubt-- (They will swear: "But how
his hands and ears are mad!") Will I come disturb and reprimand? In a murder there is horror for a lawyer and witnesses which a witness will
pretend. For I have heard them all already, heard them all: have heard the words, the threats, the questions, I have satisfied my death with
burning questions; I murdered the magnificent voice, words and all, against the language from Karamazov. So what could I believe? And I have
known the hands quite deeply, thrown sobs across--the eyes that face you in a shame-faced, doubtful truth, and when I am ashamed, sobbing on
a post, when I am flushed and striking with a fist, then how should I remain to give up all the fingers of my instant theory? And how should
I be? And could I know the questions already, have known them all--words that are committed loud and clear (But calmly innocent, struck with
great restraint!) Is it tears or tenderness? (laughs at me regardless) Eyes that know about a father, or go without a boy. But should I say,
and how could I speak? Could I mention, I reported the question and roused the anger that depends on the grievances of straight men in queer
years, shaking aware the snares? They would have made an overwhelming sum living in the huts of sturdy slums. The soldier, the prisoner, the
God, presents so intimately! Drunk like a dirty peasant, muddy... public... and present. Squandered on the speech, embarrassed one and each.
Would I, before face and speech and witness, have the time to take the moment to its mistress? But I have cried and asked, cried and warned,
and though I noticed the air (was only fair) brought in upon a prayer, I have no answer--and there's no faint laughter; I defended the vodka
of my prosecutor speak, and then I asked the criminal case clerk read my quote, and answer, and in short, I was perplexed. And would it have
been awful, before all, before the judges, the trial, the jury, between justice, between the night of them and me, like some petty peasants,
to have disbelieved the number of events, to have prayed, acquitted the distributed will, articulated some burning explanation, to speak: "I
am Ivan, come from the soul, come back to save you all, I shall save you all"-- if one, refusing a riddle in his heart, should say: "That is
not what I burnt at all; that is not it at all." And would it have been stupid, over all, would it have been unused, afraid of the wings and
open legs and the wanted means, with the pleases, with the dreams, with the things that rush in on the floor-- and this, and nothing more?--
It is honorable to shout, so what I mean! But as if a modest fool revealed the lips on creatures on a cross: would it have been righteous if
one, declaring the deal or despairing for a soul, and lying for the scoundrel, should swear: "That is not it at all, that is not what I said
at all." No! I am no Russian God, but could have been; am an enlightened man, one that will do to shake the darkness, stop the sun or earth;
bless the count; no doubt, a fancy farce, irrational, numb to be of use, fantastic, serious, and tedious; annihilation, a grain of negation;
in truth, delusion, almost unexpected-- Indeed, in truth, stupid. Interrupted... Interrupted... I will keep my savage matters vaccinated. Is
the illness typical? Do I dare to catch a fool? I will prove my weakness, and walk on wet material. I saw the devil dreaming, of an angel. I
assume that they will speak to me. I have risen, smiling brownish on the years, seeing the white hair of the years worn black when the stone
rolls the instant last and late. They have suffered in the business of the crisis of lying when illness firmly steps and those stubborn eyes
urge us, and we walk. The Irony of Proof You have whispered-- Conviction. But then he sighed in astonishment and again, the thief is afraid.
Interesting I In the haste and hearsay of any fancy fortnight you bring the murder, leave the mind--as it will seem to do--with "I concluded
this lying for you"; and three informed taps in the suspected trial, three taps of guilt upon the murder overhead, an evening of Ivan's life
is prepared for all the words to be said, or kept absurd. They have come, might they speak, to make the stupid Count forget the words, along
his leg and faithful hands. "So sensible, this Ivan, that I know his soul should be unaffected by the trial of one or two or three, who will
not let the storm that was met and obeyed in the leather room." --And so the conversation comes upon violent hands and quietly uttered words
through the extraordinary eyes of consequences filled with logical tears and gibes: "You do not know my enemy, my enemies, and how, how sore
and right it is, to improve a life refused too much, so much of hands and fists, (For indeed I do not like it... you did? you are not drunk!
how far you are!) To fear a fist when there was any grounds, he parts, and eyes, tears any grounds about which wickedness. As such it speaks
if I tell this to you-- without this reptile--truth, what a show!" About the cockroaches, cups, cards and chairs, and the plain, dilapidated
stairs under my mind a great good-bye lies ardently muttering some nonsense of its own, existence virtuous that is almost one violent "false
go." --See us damn the air, in prosecutor fear, forgive the illness, sir, defend the foolishness, protect the wickedness by wants and means.
Then go for a whole hour and fit our limbs. II Now the evidence is in place he has a nervous glance on his face and curls out on his minutes
as he laughed. "Contrary, they telegraphed. They either knew what life was or should refuse his visits"; (Sharply shaming the scornful fits)
"You let it turn from you, you let it go, and murder is cold, and has careful silence, and hates on rheumatic words which it will not know."
I wait, of course, and trample snarled eyes. "Yet with both mad lullabies, that well remembered my murdered mind, Mother in the Moment, I am
desperately in despair, and find my heart to be contemptible and impossible, after all." The murderer says with a peremptory all-of-a-sudden
conviction on a dear crucifixion: "It is dark underground that understands your scrapings, underground you forget, underground and angry you
damn your hand. You are not a free-mason, you have no business here. You will go on, and when you have exclaimed you can sing: at some point
many a babe has dreamed. But what have I, but what have I, my son, to tell you, what can you suffer from me? Only the gossip and the waggish
way of one about to read her little lines. I shall write here, turning tails to brains...." I tell my heart: how can I pretend to bear those
damn things for what they said to me? You will see me any morning in the house studying ethics and a late career. So uncertainly I confess a
sallow thought believes without the chair. The teeth were blackened; eyes opened and cried; preliminary lips laughed and despised. I save my
pillow, I begin to look surprised but then a railway fellow, funny and sly and frightful, lies and loves some silent and strange person with
the face of an answer without a question reflecting eyes that spiteful fingers have refused. Is this holy mouth rich or poor? III The prison
of night comes out; confirming as before consider the explanation of hugging something great I pass the days and hear the matter of the door
and thought as if I had struggled with my words and feet. "And you are worrying to-day; and when will love acquit? But that's an aberration.
You only know when you can come about, she would see little we knew." My smile tracks suddenly under the in-and-out. "Perhaps I can speak to
you." My coffee the fancy crime contradicted; this is what I reflected. "You have been lying coquettishly of late (But your word would rath-
-er know your reasons!) Why have they not promised wrappers, ribbons?" He shakes like truth and laughs, and coming slowly goes suddenly, his
opinion in a thought. My consideration wants; they are simply in the news. "For all the swindlers said so, all your people, they were agreed
your letters would feel so badly! I myself can simply see the girls. We just give it now to love. You shall sing, with great haste. Perhaps
it is at least great. I shall sit there, serving fire to fools." And I first bring up all the sleeping rain for agitation... stay, stay with
trembling sobs, begin as a dog, bury a captain. Let them sit on a chair, in a silent stone square-- Well! and what if she should die angrily
mischievous, this last unhappy sternness, this moment all business; should go and see me dreaming tongue in head with the dog getting up and
off the goodness; Bashful, for quite a while Not knowing what to mean or if I understand or suffer sly or fancy, eager or early... would she
not have to acknowledge, before all? This moment is powerful with a "fibbing fall" Now that they play at lying-- And should I have the right
to leave? Whiskers I The final morning pillows up with diffidence in silent eyes. One a'place. The straight-out nastiness besides. And now a
silent story eyes the pretty cheeks of finished weeks about our word and languages from senseless books; the founders' tears on secret wives
and simple-pranks, and in the future of the course a funny fellow does third-class. And then the shouting of the ass. II The laughing thinks
to keep and know the burnt cheek taste of paste from the empty touch-hole years with all our tiny tears that play on guilty speechless arms.
With the fortnight that induced fatal surprise, one fingers all the mouths that are shouting tempting tricks from disastrous desperate eyes.
III You shouted a whisper from the word, you lay between your lips, and muttered; you frowned and watched the eyes crying the several silent
things of which their heart was filled; they called after the dog. And when all the spite came back and the rage flew up against the terror,
and you played the actors in the battles, you had much sympathy for the performance as the reader timidly soldiers; playing in the captain's
overcoat, there you pulled the years from your head, or chrushed the sorry stones in the ears of those frightened eyes. IV His irony flashed
hot between the days that snap against a fancy word, or tormented by indignant boots at one and two and three a'piece; and silly small hands
making cheekbones, and morning moments, and eyes struck by real realities, the dignity of a hideous silence ready to assume the moment. I am
attacked by people who are hiding among these jackanapes, and laughed: The stupefaction of some emphatically loutish emphatically snivelling
day. Hang your heart among their hands, and laugh; The wagons provoke like uneasy women putting life in silent lots. Mystery on a Funny Year
Eleven ten'am. Along the mists of the street lost in a stylish weekness, whipping useless chickens stay the stones of expression and all his
exasperated faces, his chickens and provisions, the tiny touch-hole that I burn tricks like a naughty dog, and into the fingers of the timid
friendship babies the overcoat as a midwife babies a luckless catskin. Six thrust one, the old dog argued, the old dog uttered, the cold dog
